
"Look, I was gonna go easy on you not to hurt your feelings"
"But I'm only going to get this one chance" (Six minutes—, six minutes—)
"Something's wrong, I can feel it" (Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on!)
"Just a feeling I've got, like something's about to happen, but I don't know what. 
If that means what I think it means, we're in trouble, big trouble; 
And if he is as bananas as you say, I'm not taking any chances"
"You are just what the doc ordered"


I'm beginnin' to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now, who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
They said I rap like a robot, so call me Rap-bot

But for me to rap like a computer it must be in my genes
I got a laptop in my back pocket
My pen'll go off when I half-cock it
Got a fat knot from that rap profit
Made a livin' and a killin' off it
Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office
With Monica Lewinsky feelin' on his nutsack
I'm an MC still as honest
But as rude and as indecent as all hell
Syllables, skill-a-holic (Kill 'em all with)
This flippity dippity-hippity hip-hop
You don't really wanna get into a pissin' match
With this rappity brat, packin' a MAC in the back of the Ac'
Backpack rap crap, yap-yap, yackety-yack
And at the exact same time, I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicin' that
I'll still be able to break a motherfuckin' table
Over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half
Only realized it was ironic, I was signed to Aftermath after the fact
How could I not blow? All I do is drop F-bombs
Feel my wrath of attack
Rappers are havin' a rough time period, here's a maxi pad
It's actually disastrously bad for the wack
While I'm masterfully constructing this masterpièce


'Cause I'm beginnin' to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now, who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
Let me show you maintainin' this shit ain't that hard, that hard
Everybody want the key and the secret to rap immortality like Ι have got
You might also like
Well, to be truthful the blueprint's
Simply rage and youthful exuberance
Everybody loves to root for a nuisance
Hit the Earth like an asteroid
Did nothing but shoot for the Moon since (Pew!)
MCs get taken to school with this music
'Cause I use it as a vehicle to "bus the rhyme"
Now I lead a new school full of students
Me? I'm a product of Rakim
Lakim Shabazz, 2Pac, N.W.A, Cube, hey Doc, Ren
Yella, Eazy, thank you, they got Slim
Inspired enough to one day grow up, blow up and be in a position
To meet Run–D.M.C., and induct them
Into the motherfuckin' Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
Even though I'll walk in the church and burst in a ball of flames
Only Hall of Fame I'll be inducted in is the alcohol of fame
On the wall of shame
You fags think it's all a game, 'til I walk a flock of flames
Off a plank and, tell me what in the fuck are you thinkin'?
Little gay-lookin' boy
So gay I can barely say it with a straight face, lookin' boy (Ha-ha!)
You're witnessin' a mass-occur
Like you're watching a church gathering take place, lookin' boy
"Oy vey, that boy's gay!"—that's all they say, lookin' boy
You get a thumbs up, pat on the back
And a "way to go" from your label every day, lookin' boy
Hey, lookin' boy! What you say, lookin' boy?
I get a "hell yeah" from Dre, lookin' boy
I'ma work for everything I have, never asked nobody for shit
Get outta my face, lookin' boy!
Basically, boy, you're never gonna be capable
Of keepin' up with the same pace, lookin' boy, 'cause—

I'm beginnin' to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
The way I'm racin' around the track, call me NASCAR, NASCAR
Dale Earnhardt of the trailer park, the White Trash God
Kneel before General Zod
This planet's Krypton—no, Asgard, Asgard


So you'll be Thor and I'll be Odin
You rodent, I'm omnipotent
Let off, then I'm reloadin'
Immediately with these bombs I'm totin'
And I should not be woken
I'm the walkin' dead, but I'm just a talkin' head, a zombie floatin'
But I got your mom deep-throatin'
I'm out my Ramen Noodle
We have nothin' in common, poodle
I'm a Doberman, pinch yourself in the arm and pay homage, pupil
It's me, my honesty's brutal
But it's honestly futile if I don't utilize what I do though
For good at least once in a while
So I wanna make sure somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle enough rhymes
To maybe try to help get some people through tough times
But I gotta keep a few punchlines
Just in case 'cause even you unsigned
Rappers are hungry lookin' at me like it's lunchtime
I know there was a time where once I
Was king of the underground
But I still rap like I'm on my Pharoahe Monch grind
So I crunch rhymes, but sometimes when you combine
Appeal with the skin color of mine
You get too big and here they come tryin'
To censor you like that one line
I said on "I'm Back" from The Mathers LP 1 when I
Tried to say I'll take seven kids from Columbine
Put 'em all in a line, add an AK-47, a revolver and a 9
See if I get away with it now that I ain't as big as I was, but I'm
Morphin' into an immortal, comin' through the portal
You're stuck in a time warp from 2004 though
And I don't know what the fuck that you rhyme for
You're pointless as Rapunzel with fuckin' cornrows
You write normal? Fuck being normal!
And I just bought a new raygun from the future
Just to come and shoot ya, like when Fabolous made Ray J mad
'Cause Fab said he looked like a fag at Mayweather's pad
Singin' to a man while he played piano
Man, oh man, that was a 24/7 special on the cable channel
So Ray J went straight to the radio station
The very next day, "Hey Fab, I'ma kill you!"
Lyrics comin' at you at supersonic speed (J.J. Fad)
Uh, summa-lumma, dooma-lumma, you assumin' I'm a human
What I gotta do to get it through to you? I'm superhuman
Innovative and I'm made of rubber so that anything you say is ricochetin' off of me and it'll glue to you and
I'm devastating, more than ever demonstrating
How to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating
Never fading, and I know the haters are forever waiting
For the day that they can say I fell off, they'll be celebrating
'Cause I know the way to get 'em motivated
I make elevating music, you make elevator music
"Oh, he's too mainstream."
Well, that's what they do when they get jealous, they confuse it
"It's not hip-hop, it's pop,"—'cause I found a hella way to fuse it
With rock, shock rap with Doc
Throw on "Lose Yourself" and make 'em lose it
"I don't know how to make songs like that
I don't know what words to use."
Let me know when it occurs to you
While I'm rippin' any one of these verses that versus you
It's curtains, I'm inadvertently hurtin' you
How many verses I gotta murder to
Prove that if you were half as nice, your songs you could sacrifice virgins too?!
Ugh, school flunky, pill junkie
But look at the accolades these skills brung me
Full of myself, but still hungry
I bully myself 'cause I make me do what I put my mind to
And I'm a million leagues above you
Ill when I speak in tongues, but it's still tongue-in-cheek, fuck you
I'm drunk, so, Satan, take the fucking wheel
I'ma sleep in the front seat
Bumpin' Heavy D and the Boyz, still "Chunky but Funky"
But in my head there's something I can feel tugging and struggling
Angels fight with devils and here's what they want from me
They're askin' me to eliminate some of the women hate
But if you take into consideration the bitter hatred
I have, then you may be a little patient
And more sympathetic to the situation
And understand the discrimination
But fuck it, life's handin' you lemons? Make lemonade then!
But if I can't batter the women
How the fuck am I supposed to bake 'em a cake then?
Don't mistake him for Satan
It's a fatal mistake if you think I need to be overseas and take a vacation
To trip a broad, and make her fall on her face and
Don't be a retard—be a king? Think not
Why be a king when you can be a god? 
'Cause sometimes you just feel tired
Yo, left, yo, left
Feel weak and when you feel weak
Yo, left, right, left
You feel like you wanna just give up
Yo, left, yo left
But you gotta search within you
Yo, left, right, left
Try to find that inner strength and just pull that shit out of you
Yo, left, yo left
And get that motivation to not give up
Yo, left, right, left
And not be a quitter, no matter how bad
Yo, left, yo left
You wanna just fall flat on your face and collapse
Yo, left, right, left

'Til I collapse I'm spillin' these raps long as you feel 'em
'Til the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killin' 'em
‘Cause when I am not, then I'ma stop pennin' 'em
And I am not hip-hop and I'm just not Eminem
Subliminal thoughts, when I'ma stop sendin' 'em?
Women are caught in webs, spin 'em and hock venom
Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illin' to stop
Amoxicillin's just not real enough
The criminal, cop-killin', hip-hop villain
A minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners
You're comin' with me, feel it or not
You're gonna fear it like I showed ya the spirit of God lives in us
You hear it a lot, lyrics to shock
Is it a miracle or am I just product of pop fizzin' up?
Fa' shizzle, my wizzle, this is the plot, listen up
You bizzles forgot, Slizzle does not give a fuck

'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse
'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
Until the roof, until the roof
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
The roof comes off, the roof comes off
'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
Until my legs, until my legs
I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse
Give out from underneath me
You might also like
Music is like magic, there's a certain feelin' you get
When you real and you spit, and people are feelin' your shit
This is your moment, and every single minute you spend
Tryna hold on to it 'cause you may never get it again
So while you're in it, try to get as much shit as you can
And when your run is over, just admit when it's at its end
'Cause I'm at the end of my wits with half the shit that gets in
I got a list, here's the order of my list that it's in
It goes: Reggie, Jay-Z, 2Pac and Biggie
André from OutKast, Jada, Kurupt, Nas, and then me
But in this industry I'm the cause of a lot of envy
So when I'm not put on this list, the shit does not offend me
That's why you see me walk around like nothing's botherin' me
Even though half you people got a fuckin' problem with me
You hate it, but you know respect you got to give me
The press's wet dream, like Bobby and Whitney — Nate, hit me!

'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse
'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
Until the roof, until the roof
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
The roof comes off, the roof comes off
'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
Until my legs, until my legs
I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse
Give out from underneath me

Soon as a verse starts, I eat at an MC's heart
What is he thinking? How not to go against me, smart
And it's absurd how people hang on every word
I'll prob'ly never get the props I feel I ever deserve
But I'll never be served, my spot is forever reserved
If I ever leave Earth, that would be the death of me first
‘Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothin' could ever be worse
That's why I'm clever when I put together every verse
My thoughts are sporadic, I act like I'm an addict
I rap like I'm addicted to smack like I'm Kim Mathers
But I don't wanna go forth and back in constant battles
The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers
So this is like a full-blown attack I'm launchin' at 'em
The track is on some battlin' raps, who wants some static?
‘Cause I don't really think that the fact that I'm Slim matters
A plaque and platinum status is wack if I'm not the baddest, so

'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse
'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
Until the roof, until the roof
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
The roof comes off, the roof comes off
'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
Until my legs, until my legs
I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse
Give out from underneath me


Until the roof, until the roof
The roof comes off, the roof comes off
Until my legs, until my legs
Give out from underneath me
I, I will not fall, I will stand tall
Feels like no one can beat me 
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Okay!
Alright, a'ight, a'ight, a'ight, a'ight (Yo, yo)
Yo, yo
Alright, I'ma lay the chorus first
Here we go now!


My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom!

My mom, my mom, I know you're probably tired
Of hearin' 'bout my mom, oh-ho, whoa-ho
But this is just a story of when I was just a shorty
And how I became hooked on Va-aliu-um
Valium was in everything, food that I ate
The water that I drank, fuckin' peas in my plate
She sprinkled just enough of it to season my steak
So every day I'd have at least three stomachaches
Now tell me, what kind of mother would want to see her
Son grow up to be an undera-fuckin'-chiever?
My teacher didn't think I was gonna be nothin' either
"What the fuck you stickin' gum up under the fuckin' seat for?"
"Mrs. Mathers, your son has been huffin' ether
Either that or the motherfucker's been puffin' reefer"
But all this huffin' and puffin' wasn't what it was either
It was neither, I was buzzin' but it wasn't what she thought
Pee in a teacup? Bitch, you ain't my keeper, I'm sleepin'
What the fuck you keep on fuckin' with me for?
Slut, you need to leave me the fuck alone, I ain't playin'
Go find you a white crayon and color a fuckin' zebra!


My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom!
You might also like
Wait a minute, this ain't dinner, this is paint thinner!
"You ate it yesterday, I ain't hear no complaints, did I?
Now here's a plate full of painkillers, now just wait
'Til I crush the Valium and put it in your potatoes
You little motherfucker, I'll make you sit there and make
That retarded fuckin' face without even tastin' it
You better lick the fuckin' plate, you ain't wastin' it
Put your face in it 'fore I throw you in the basement again
And I ain't givin' in, you're gonna just sit there
In one fuckin' place, finnickin' 'til next Thanksgiving
And if you still ain't finished it, I'll use the same shit again
Then when I make spinach dip, it'll be placed in the shit
You little shit, wanna sit there and play innocent?
A rack fell and hit me in K-Mart and they witnessed it
Child support, your father, he ain't sent the shit
And so what if he did? It's none of your dang business, kid!"


My mom
There's no one else quite like my mom
I know I should let bygones be bygones
But she's the reason why I am high on what I'm high on, 'cause—


My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom!

My mom loved Valium, now all I am
Is a party animal, I am what I am
But I'm strong to the finish with me Valium spinach
But my buzz only lasts about two minutes
But I don't wanna swallow it without chewin' it
I can't even write a rhyme without you in it
My Valium, my Vaaaaaa-liummmm, ohh!


Man, I never thought that I could ever be
A drug addict, naw, fuck that, I can't have it happen to me
But that's actually what has ended up happenin'
A tragedy, the fuckin' past ended up catchin' me
And it's probably where I got acquainted with the taste, ain't it?
Pharmaceuticals are the bomb, Mom, beautiful
She killed the fuckin' dog with the medicine she done fed it
Feed it a fuckin' aspirin and say that it has a headache
"Here, want a snack? You hungry, you fuckin' brat?
Look at that, it's a Xanax, take it and take a nap, eat it"
But I don't need it — "Well fuck it then, break it up
Take a little piece and beat it before you wake Nathan up"
Alright Ma, you win, I don't feel like arguin'
I'll do it, pop it, gobble it and start wobblin'
Stumble, hobble, tumble, slip, trip, then I fall in bed
With a bottle of meds and a Heath Ledger bobblehead


My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom!


My mom, I'm just like her
My mom, my mom, my mom
My mom, my mom, my mom
My mom, my mom, my mom
My mom, my momma
Me momma, I like-a da momma
Haha, sorry Mom
I still love you though!
Dr. Dre, 2010
Hey, this shit is hella hard, homie
Yo, take us on outta here
Woo!