
I'll shove a gun in your grill, greasy and heated
Smothered in hot mustard so when I feed it to you it's easy to eat it
You need to be immediately treated
While you're breathing
And you'll be leaving the receiving room this evening with Jesus
You hate on us? We'll be waiting on eight corners
Swarming your hood with a thousand angry skateboarders
I'll hop in a jeep and slam on the gas and charge you
And bombard you in the car that your mom bought you
Fuck around and get choked and found in a moat
Floating around, drowned, faced-down in a boat
I'll pile five dudes in a Pinto and pull-up to the Seven Mile drive through
At McDonald's and pile-drive you
I got the power to snatch a driver out of his Eddie Bauer
When it drives by me at 90 miles an hour
This place is my house
I might as well erase my face with white-out
Cause y'all can't see me like Mase's eyebrows

Walking in swamp water with an M-16, out for the blood
Shove a gun in the mouth of a thug
To break braces, you say grace and make faces
I'll display hate and break you in eight places
Take paces, turn around draw in a standoff
Precise aim, ice in my veins, blowing your hand off
Dancing with the Devil leading - I won't die, I'm never leaving
I pledge allegiance to forever breathing
Street niggas with nuts, what? My meat's bigger
Fake-ass thugs with toy guns and cheap triggers
With a deathwish, thinking I'm the nigga to mess with
Let the tech lift, direct chest hit, melt your necklace
For instance, you just a henchmen, on tough soil
A follower never had heart, he just loyal
Thugs is glass doors, I see through them, put the heat to them
Be careful you might get what you ask for
That's what you false ballers get mugged and gagged for
Your life flashing in front of your eyes in fast forward
Dearly departed, I don't even listen to artists
I'm pissing the farthest, and I'm also hitting the hardest
I'm very intelligent
Compare me to cameras
I flash, and shoot what I see, and steady developing
I fly you out of your whip with one try of the trigger
Out of your clique, ain't one nigga out of his shit
You gotta be kidding, bring all of them niggas
They all gotta be hit quick, and they all gotta be hitten
It's not a game, and I ain't playing
Yo if I ain't lived it, did it, or seen it, then I ain't saying
I put a hole right in your chest
Stick a knife in your soul
Then take your life after taking your death
I'm nice!
That ain't even counting the endless bars
Friends with scars, wondering which Benz is ours
Pretending to ball could even be the ending of y'all
The minute you fall, my criminals will finish you off
I argue with no one
You got a gun? Alright show one
If you ain't got heart now, you ain't gon' just grow one
You might also like
I'm keeping it raw, illegal like Malik and Jamal
'Cause I don't believe in the law, like I'm Steven Seagal
Flipping off the police while I'm leaping a wall
Take a bunch of Tylenol, then fall asleep in a mall
I got your little son, you'll be receiving a call
You're lucky this little punks still breathing at all
Fuck the world, this how I get even at y'all
Pop shit, get rolled up and leave in a ball
I hit you in your mouth and sink your teeth in your jaws
You won't be able to eat shit, not even a malt
This lethal assault, is giving you a reason to stall
I'm cocking this deuce-deuce and I'm squeezing it off
At the first burp and a fart sniffle a sneeze and a cough
Get your arm chewed off like you was teasing a dog
I'm cold enough and hot enough to freeze and unthaw
I'll kick my girl out, in 10 degrees in her bra


I'm gonna give it to you straight this time
Lace this bong
Bring it to your face until the Jakes respond
Guard y'all shit
I don't care how hard y'all hit
I got cats with bats you wouldn't play hardball with
I splatter intestines quick, before you can blast
Or handle your weapon, you'll get stabbed in a matter of seconds
We ain't worried about threats cause God got us
We popping Cris, y'all sipping Moet by-products
I ain't scared to die, let's blast, it's gonna be either
If you both die then your casket is gonna be deeper
Yo, you ain't a Don
You don't even know what beef is
What you competing with, our hittin' make concrete give
Yo I came out
Naked at birth, making it worse
Making a verse sacred and shaking the Earth
Niggas got plenty opinions about Royce
But they ain't got a voice
I'm doper than them, so they ain't got a choice
Niggas be playing battle-battle
Not understanding themselves
They babble-babble that's why they stay on the shelves
Playing yourself, I'm promising threats to test y'all
Keep doing this rap shit until UPS calls
I see why you must hate me
I'm sharp enough to cut gravy
It's just crazy, niggas is such babies
Real as they come, dancing
Killing for fun, advancing
Healing my thumb, killing for fun
Cock, squeeze and make every nigga freeze in here
Stop breathing, there better be some cheese in here
If there's any MC's in here, I hope you read me clear
You seeing peace, beef with the C's in here
Yo you ain't fly
I got shit that you can't buy
You can't lie, you drink St. Ides and fake high
Take pie, try to flip it
You don't nothing about that shit
If was you I wouldn't risk it

I wouldn't risk it...
Rappers get hit with this verbal biscuit
Hey yo, yo yo yo yo
Keep the same beat, keep the same beat, keep the same beat
It goes like this yo
My attitude is worse than N.W.A.'s was
I'll battle you over stupid shit and diss people
Who ain't have shit to do with it, like Cool J does
You see me standing outside of your building; screaming
Puffy is good, but Slim Shady is for the children!
I look at my life in a new light -- fuck it
Give me two mics; I write songs for me -- fuck what you like
You're probably hear me rap half-hearted; cause I don't like rap anyway
I'm just trying to get my porno career started
Every place and event.. (been there, done that)
Shit, Dre stuck me in a suitcase when he went
Want a deal? Study these 5 chapters
Lesson one: Throw demos as hard as you can at signed rappers
Lesson two: Face 'em and diss 'em
Don't give 'em a demo; kidnap 'em
And make 'em come to your basement and listen
Lesson three: Get a job at a label; switch demos with Canibus
And put yours on the owner's table
Lesson four: Know you heard this before:
"Hey let me get your number; I'll call you tomorrow, for sure!"
Don't act like a fan -- you wanna get signed?
Get the whitest A&R you can find
Pull him aside and rap as wack as you can
Lesson five: Get a hook-up at Jive
Dress up like I.C.P and have them come see you perform live
And that's the key, but when you see me on the street; I ain't
Givin you shit bitch - don't even bother asking me
Toilet water splashes me right in the ass when I'm spitting
Cause I'm always shitting when I'm rapping like Master P
Got a blowjob from Paula Jones, and stuffed it so far in her mouth
My balls broke both of her collarbones
Told Mya this shit was all about me-ah
Gave Alyssa Milano syphillis, mono and gonorrhea
And all three of my main girls said see-ya
Cause Brandy and Monica walked in and caught me fucking Aaliyah
I splish splash while I'm taking a bath
Grab a handful of pills, break em in half, take em and laugh
White trash -- fucking your wife in the ass
While you're out siphoning gas for your lawnmower to cut the grass

And it's like that, and it's like that


It don't stop
5-9, Slim Shady yo
The rap auctioneer, spitting out double figures
For fans to repeat, handling heat
The Commander in Chief, I should've been banned from the streets
Flee after I stab an MC with twin crutches
You've been had by the phantom of beef
Release when the paper and pen touches
While y'all talking
My venomous rap splits
Get your ass kicked punk
Your kind get offed often
80 niggas deep with heat at the mall walking
You'll either get shot with all barkers
Or get knocked upside your head with big blocks
Till you spit teeth
You're all soft and up shit's creek in a long coffin
I get work without a single fiend involved
I'm married to the mob, I mean for real, ring and all
Basically that means I ain't your average rap nigga
You'll get slapped and thrown in the back of an Ac(ura) bigger
With the latch cracked, trunk open
So you can look up at the stars
Fill your pockets with plastic explosives
Drive to cover, detonate the bomb
Blow you up with the car and flee the scene to cop another
Morph right into the physical form of your spirit
In front of your eyes, and make you battle yourself
Like Shang Tsung with wisdom in the brilliance of a million disciples
Equipped with a right hook to split a building
The pure repper of the African race
Sent here to knock you off your square and put you back in your place
Babylon battalion, holding your engineer ransom
For your master, so I can sabotage your album


Yo, weed lacer, '97 burgundy Blazer
Wanted for burglary, had to ditch the Mercury Tracer
I’m on some loc shit, some fed up with the being broke shit
I’m not to joke with, bitch I don’t sell crack, I smoke it
Having a coke fit, going through withdrawls daily
Shoot-up with mescaline in front of my baby daughter Hailie
My brain’s dusted, I’m disgusted at all my habits
Too many aspirin tablets, empty medicine cabinets
Losing battles to wack rappers cause I’m always too blunted
Walking up in the cypher smoking, talking about “Who want it?”
Thug and a crook; every drug in the book; I’ve done it
My 9’s at your brain, is that you chain? Run it
Crews die from an overdosage of excessive flavor
Aggressive nature got me sticking you for your Progressive pager
Spectacular, crystal-meth manufacturer
Stole your momma’s Acura, wrecked it, and sold it back to her
Boosting Nike jackets, escaped from psychiatrics
Told the nurse to save my bed for me, I might be back bitch
So barricade your entrance, put up some extra fences
A woman beater, wanted for repeated sex offenses
Chasing dips – take them on long vacation trips
Kidnapping ‘em and trapping ‘em in abusive relationships
Fuck up your face and lips, slit your stomach and watch your gut split
Cut you with that razor that I use to shave my nuts with
Mama, don’t you cry, your son is too far gone
I’m so high, I don’t even know what label I’m on
I’m fucked up, I feel just like an overworked plumber
I’m sick of this shit, what’s Dr. Kevorkian’s phone number?


It's like this right?
Bust it
You get laced by the gun, in case you try to run
Hatred on my face by the tongue, get baked by the sun
Constructed of interplanetary rock and metal
Topping levels of combustion that's hot enough to stop the devil
Innovative flusher to enemies
The impact will be the generated destructive energy to flatten trees
Black, poised since birth
Birth? Tore the womb up
To hit the Earth like an asteroid and blow the moon up
Trust me, I'm the epitome, you better bust me
Any nigga can say fuck me and he gon' touch me
Smoking organic ganja inside of a stanza
Me and my man cypher with cans of volcanic lava
Man this is hot, I'm out of my shit
From the bottom I can leap out a bottomless pit and land at the top
Raw, that's what I came out here for
To raise and eclipse, and occasional trips to the beer store
And switch-up, the breed of MC to stick a bitch up
Bigger and speed to reach in the sea and pick a fish up
I'm fly against all laws of gravitation
I crushed all y'all, now you want a collaboration
But fuck that, you stepped up, so I'm gonna fuck your rep up
Tear the rest up, with every joint that I press up
Handling heat and ammo, bullets passing me by
Challenging me to battle? Man, you asking to die
Narrow off niggas, squeeze a grenade until it's dissolved
Bite the barrel of a revolver and spin it
Nigga forget it, I earned it
I kill you then come to your funeral and strangle you to confirm it
Minds carry malaria, sick
Ask niggas who the best is, you'll hear 5-9 in every area
Crushing your head, hunting you dead
You ain't nice
I battled you before, I don't remember nothing you said
You was wack, I was gonna quit on it till I thought
My dick is big enough for all of y'all niggas to get on it
Making you high off of the smoke, often you're cold
Making y'all join that big hip-hop nation in the sky
And it's easy believe me, you better have been fronting
When you said you was hot, cause you couldn't please me if you was begging me


Some people say I'm strange, I tell them ain't shit change
I'm still the same lame asshole with a different name
Who came late to the last show with a different dame
Brain ate from the last O that I sniffed of cane
You know you're spaced the fuck out like George Lucas
When your puke is turning to yellowish-orange mucus
So when I grab a pencil and squeeze it between fingers
I'm not a rapper, I'm a demon who speaks English
Freak genius, too extreme for the weak and squeemish
Burn you alive till you screaming to be extinguished
Cause when I drop the science, motherfuckers tell me to stop the violence
Start a fire and block the hydrants
I'm just a mean person, you never seen worse than
So when Slim gets this M-16 bursting
You getting spun backwards like every word of obscene cursing
On the B-side of my first single with the clean version
Stopping your short life when you still a teen virgin
Unless you get a kidney specialist and a spleen surgeon
In the best hospital possible for emergency surgery
To try to stop the blood from your ruptured sternum internally
I'll take it back before we knew each others' name
Run in the ultrasound and snatch you out your mother's frame
I'll take it further back than that
Back to Lovers Lane, to the night you were thought of
And cock block your father's game
I'll plead the fifth like my jaws were muzzled
So suck my dick while I take a shit and do this crossword puzzle
And when I'm down with ten seconds left in the whole bout
I'm gonna throw a head-butt so hard, it'll knock us both out 

Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase, twenty-five to life
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase, twenty-five to life
Too late
(Yeah, I can't keep chasing you
I'm taking my life back)
Caught in a chase, twenty-five to life

I don't think she understands the sacrifices that I've made
Maybe if this bitch had acted right I woulda stayed
But I've already wasted over half my life, I woulda laid
Down and died for you, I no longer cry for you, no more pain
Bitch, you took me for granted
Took my heart and ran it straight into the planet
Into the dirt, I can no longer stand it
Now my respect, I demand it
I'ma take control of this relationship, command it
And I'ma be the boss of you now, goddamn it
And what I mean is that I will no longer let you control me
So you better hear me out, this much you owe me
I gave up my life for you, totally devoted to you I have stayed
Faithful all the way, this is how I fuckin' get repaid?
Look at how I dress, fuckin' baggy sweats, go to work a mess
Always in a rush to get back to you, I ain't heard you yet
Not even once say you appreciate me, I deserve respect
I've done my best to give you nothin' less than perfectness
And I know that if I end this I'll no longer have nothin' left
But you keep treatin' me like a staircase: it's time to fuckin' step
And I won't be comin' back, so don't hold your fuckin' breath
You know what you've done, no need to go in-depth
I told you you'd be sorry if I fuckin' left, I laughed while you wept
How's it feel now? Yeah, funny, ain't it? You neglected me
Did me a favor though, my spirit free you've set
But a special place for you in my heart I have kept
It's unfortunate, but it's—
You might also like
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase, twenty-five to life
(Yeah, can't take no more)
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase, twenty-five to life


I feel like when I bend over backwards for you, all you do is laugh
'Cause that ain't good enough
You expect me to fold myself in half till I snap
Don't think I'm loyal, all I do is rap
How can I moonlight on the side? I have no life outside of that
Don't I give you enough of my time? You don't think so, do you?
Jealous when I spend time with the girls, why I'm married to you still?
Man, I don't know, but tonight I'm serving you with papers
I'm divorcing you – go marry someone else and make 'em famous!
And take away their freedom like you did to me
Treat 'em like you don't need 'em and they ain't worthy of you
Feed 'em the same shit that you made me eat
I'm moving on, forget you
Oh, now I'm special? I ain't feel special when I was with you
All I ever felt was this helplessness, imprisoned by a selfish bitch
Chew me up and spit me out, I fell for this
So many times it's ridiculous
And still I stick with this, I'm sick of this
But in my sickness and addiction, you're addictive as they get
Evil as they come, vindictive as they make 'em
My friends keep askin' me why I can't just walk away from
I'm addicted to the pain, the stress, the drama, I'm drawn to
Shit, I guess I'm a mess, cursed and blessed, but this time I
Ain't changin' my mind, I'm climbin' out this abyss
You're screamin' as I walk out that I'll be missed
But when you spoke of people who meant the most to you, you left me off your list
Fuck you, hip hop! I'm leavin' you, my life sentence is served, bitch
And it's just—

Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase, twenty-five to life
(I'm gone, man)
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase, twenty-five to life
Too late
Caught in a chase, twenty-five to life 
Yo, B-Rabbit
This silly rabbit don’t like lettuce, I heard he like dicks
Faggot niggas, with ponytails and lipstick
I'm for real; don’t give a fuck, what
What, oh
It’s like this; east side is where I'm from
You got beef, hit me on the streets with a badge and a gun
Fuck the badge, I'm coming through with black mags
'Bout to do this B-Rabbit nigga 'cause he's a fag
Like I said earlier in the clause
I stated that in my— oh, shit

A'ight, look
I can see that I’m put to the test
Battling this chick...with no breasts
And why I gotta battle a chick?
Especially one that’s whack, wit' a dick?
So you a dope MC?
Don’t get mad, start taking your period out on me
‘Cause I ain’t done shit to you
What’s your name, Confusion? Well, then I guess I gotta confuse you
This ain’t something I’m used to
Why the fuck did Future even introduce you?
I really don’t understand
Why this chick is up here right now and wants to be a man
On this mic, it’s rat-a-tat-tat
Why the fuck am I standing here battling Da Brat?
You don’t really even wanna see this
On this microphone, I will eat your fucking fetus
YoYou might also like8 
...


Hey, yo, what up, trailer trash?
Yo, Future, how'd you get whitey to battle the Savior?
That's like Darth Vader battling Obey Taylor
You can't mess around with the horror
I grab the mic and I'ma murder you, now you'll die tomorrow!
You can't kick with the lyrics I spit
I blow your head off and leave you dying in your blood, you bitch!
You still a trick and a hoe and I'ma roll
I fucked your mama; she's a prostitute, bro!
You thinking you white, but you ain't light
I'ma murder you in the gang again, and blast you in the night!
I'm still ill, I'm still for real with Ken Loraine
I got a gun on your boy, I'ma blow out his brain!
You run with a bunch of wack faggots
I'ma eat out your meat like I'm in your body: I'm a maggot!
And yo, matter of fact, you gettin' played
You ain't nothing but a white boy dying of fucking AIDS!You might also like1 
There is no escaping (Yo)
There's no place to hide (Ayo)
You scream, "Someone save me!" (Yo)
But they don't pay no mind (Ayo)
Goodnight, goodbye!


You're walkin' down a horror corridor
It's almost four in the mornin' and you're in a
Nightmare, it's horrible, right there's the coroner
Waiting for ya to turn the corner so he can corner ya
You're a goner, he's onto ya
Out the corner of his cornea, he just saw ya run
All you want is to rest 'cause you can't run anymore, you're done
All he wants is to kill you in front of an audience
While everybody is watching in the party, applauding it
Here I sit, while I'm caught up in deep thought again
Contemplating my next plot again
Swallowin' a Klonopin while I'm noddin' in and out on the ottoman
At the Ramada Inn, holding onto the pill bottle, then
Lick my finger and swirl it 'round the bottom
And make sure I got all of it
Wake up naked at McDonald's with
Blood all over me, dead bodies behind the counter, shit
Guess I must've just blacked out again—not again!

It's 3 a.m. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em, killed 'em
I said, it's 3 a.m. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em, killed 'em


Sitting nude in my living room, it's almost noon
I wonder what's on the tube, maybe they'll show some boobs
Surfing every channel until I find Hannah Montana then
I reach for the aloe and lanolin, bust all over the wall panellin'
Dismantlin' every candle on top of the fireplace mantel and
Grab my flannel and my bandana, then
Kiss the naked mannequin man again
You can see him standin' in my front window if you look in
I'm just a hooligan who's used to using hallucinogens
Causin' illusions again, brain contusions again
Cutting and bruising the skin, razors, scissors, and pins
Jesus, when does it end? Phases that I go through
Dazed and I'm so confused
Days that I don't know who gave these molecules to
Me, what am I gon' do?
Hey, the prodigal son, the diabolical one
Very methodical when I slaughter them
You might also like
It's 3 a.m. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em, killed 'em
I said, it's 3 a.m. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em, killed 'em


She puts the lotion in the bucket
It puts the lotion on the skin
Or else it gets the hose again
She puts the lotion in the bucket
It puts the lotion on the skin
Or else it gets the hose again


I cut and I slash, slice and gash, last night was a blast
I can't quite remember when I had that
Much fun off a half-pint of the Jack, my last Vic and-a-half
A flashlight up Kim Kardashian's ass
I remember the first time I dismembered a family member
December, I think it was, I was having drinks with my cousin
I wrapped him in Christmas lights
Pushed him into the stinkin' tub, cut him up into pieces
And just when I went to drink his blood
I thought, "I oughta drink his bathwater, that oughta be fun"
That's when my days of serial murder manslaughter begun
The sight of blood excites me, that might be an artery, son
Your blood-curdling screams just don't seem to bother me none
It's 3 a.m. and here I come, so you should probably run
A secret passageway around here, man, there's got to be one
Oh no, there's probably none
He can scream all that he wants, top of his lungs
But ain't no stopping me from chopping him up-up, 'cause…

It's 3 a.m. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em, killed 'em
I said, it's 3 a.m. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em, killed 'em


Yo, yo, ayo (Evil… rise)
Yo, yo, ayo (Evil… rise)
Yo, yo, ayo (Evil… rise)
Yo, yo, ayo (Evil… rise)
(Evil… rise)
(Evil… rise) 
Yo, yo, y'all ready for death? Y'all ready for death?
Marv Won, the Fat Killer
The game done got ugly, let's go, yo, yo
I seen your type before, you think you're tough
Battle you? Bitch, you lucky I don't beat you up
In a game of fisticuffs, I'll push your face back
You can't fuck with me, man, really, just face facts
It's you versus me in a battle of ten rounds
It's like Muggsy Bogues tryin' to buck with Jim Brown
Dumb fuck, I'm the type to run amok
Come in the club drunk as fuck, slap your bitch so we can buck
One hook... type of a man the size of Dan Dierdorf
Tryin' to take his ear off like Mike Tys'
I'm quite nice on fight nights
And why he poppin' shit? Man, I thought he liked life
Apparently not, I'm incoherently hot
And if I miss you, then your parents'll be shot
Yo, I'm a bad boy, bitch, it's on
I'll put 44s on your chest like you're Rick Mahorn

Hold on, faggot, let me turn this mic on
Don't think for a minute I'ma let you get away with that song
'Cause that shit was wack, you ain't spittin'
As a matter of fact, all of that shit was written
And I know it wasn't for me
Surely, you really must adore me
Now, look it… yo, you might as well move to Italy
Look, this guy's ripped – *skkkrr* – literally
You don't wanna really fuck with this
On this microphone, I'm not Snuffleupagus
But I don't give a fuck, you can keep that dull rap
And turn your ass back around with your fuckin' skullcap
And your bandana or your motherfuckin' sweatband
Fuckin' with this style, you're a dead man
I ain't Redman, but on this mic, yo, I pick it up
Just like your face when I had to rip it up
You don't wanna see me, yo, uhYou might also like2 
Of course, I rap 'til I'm hoarse
Add the sauce to them jive turkey MC's
Say what you like, I toss
Your theory, when you hear me like the guts of a dutch
Snap caught you in the act, like Vivitar AF
2-5-5 Autofocus, clear vision
Precision mics for people of all types
Call the calvary, mic brutality
Switch the pitch gradually
Aqua, turn-table knocka, fresh like Binaca
Jot the thoughts in my chronicles, remarkable styles
Made an exit to spark mine
Nuclear physics, mechanicals and phat rhymes
They know the time, like a sundial, I'm X-File

Went to Bible class with a gun, blasted a nun
Fuck Hell, Satan sent my ass to the sun
I wasn't born, I was hatched, dumped in the trash
With a note attached sayin', "Someone please whip this brat's ass!"
I never gave a rat's ass or a flyin' fuck
Drivin' drunk in a fire truck with the siren stuck
Slammin' the brakes, skiddin' out, ‘cause the tires suck
Went to pull you off my dick and got the pliers stuck
You better run, ‘cause I'm probably the only one
Crazy enough to shoot your ass with a knife and stab you with a gun
I like fire, you might see me start it
I'm slightly retarded, I miss my sanity since the night we departed


Yo, Old World Disorder on some outnumber shit
We'd rather go out of control than to be under it
Yo, how you gonna win against us
When we got nothin' to lose?
Must be confused, or prayin' to a God that don't exist
It wouldn't save your Bible-kissin' asses even if he did
We like to twist your mystic
Genetic dead-end, don't got friends
Skam and Shadowman, posting children for depression
Stress in any language, say my name in Spanish
That's "Chupacabra", suck the life out of you
There won't be enough of your brain left to fill a teaspoon
We two vanishing men that make the bad things blend
And probably go platinum on the day that the world ends
You might also like
"Rhymes that you never even heard before..."
"Rhymes that you never even heard before..."
"Rhymes that you never even heard before..."
"Rhymes that you never even heard before..."


When it comes to beef, I gets relief when I kill and breathe
Send a wreathe, get your family ready for the grief
I'll knock your teeth; take your seat, like a thief
Make you change your beliefs
Burn a leaf before you go beneath
Rappers, I kill 'em, down to Hell is where I send 'em
Feelin' my pen is illin' so much I need some penicillin
Jams I'm spillin', ‘cause I'm bound to it
Kicking shit that's solitaire
Your crown I rip, ‘cause rappers, you sound counterfeit
You get a round of clips, if you play hard
You stay scarred thinkin' you're braveheart
You're in a graveyard, one in a mil, son
I'm ill when it comes to skills
Wanna get killed or catch a dum-dum in your grill
Rappers diminishin', in scrimmage
I'm good to the finish, I'll speak in English
While your brothers are speakin' in gibberish
You touch the mic and I'm out to bury your fingers
You want some fame? I'll beat you up in front of Jerry Springer
So pay the price, say they nice, when they play the dice
I'll take your life, slay you twice, before you break your rights

Cats who rap are feminine
I'm sendin' this without the benefits
Of cinema scents of cinnamon
So submit it in your mental
Since you find it essential to stencil simple sentences
A sentence is simple, you banned from using writin' utensils
Whether Krylon, crayon, pen, or pencil
Observe verse packed with syntax
That causes skin cracks on impact
Send a rap-shot to jaw with a crack and thwack
Send them whack-men back
To the lab to add what most of them lack
I can hand you a manual
To make what I plan to do more tangible
You still wouldn't understand the full concept
It slips through your fingers like sand granules
Scan the land and the blue sea annually
And you will see which animals eat amphibians
From spittin' up that written stuff; it’s all the same
It’s the reason for cyphers prematurely spittin' up
Ironic, phonics show my flow is far from ambionic
To be honest, no hits of chronic in my bionic, I'm beyond it
The texture of my lecture is complex like a professor
Skeptics greet me exceptional when I bless sound receptacles
Much stretchin' through my vestibules
Turns crews to vegetables
They grab my testicles and cup 'em
Fuck 'em, bless 'em—Who? What?


"Rhymes that you never even heard before..."
"Rhymes that you never even heard before..."
"Rhymes that you never even heard before..."
"Rhymes that you never even heard before..."4 
Thank you for your interest in Revival, the number one slightly invasive treatment for Atrox Rithimis. You only get one shot to beat AR. Don't miss your chance with Revival. Please hold to speak with a patient care representative.

While you wait, here's some additional information:
You should discuss the potential benefits and risks of Revival with your doctor or clergyman. Revival is a non-injectable medication given through the ear canal and is not intended for anal use. Revival is a non-narcotic medication intended for daily use that can be taken with or without food.

Tell your doctor about all health conditions, including if you:Have a history of confusion or poor judgmentAre allergic to tympanic stimulatorsAre pregnant or nursingRevival does not cause serious side effects including:Fleem's syndromeMild to disfiguring acneBrain problemsMale pattern baldness, most commonly in womenRageDecreased appetiteIncreased appetiteSeasonal affective disorderLoose gumsGluten sensitivityToothpainTight glutesGeneral feeling of head traumaSoftening of fingernailsDramatically increased hair growthSudden nut allergiesRinging in your mouthand Light-leggednessThank you for continuing to hold. We give you some serious fucking credit for sticking with us. Tell your doctor right away if you have any of the following symptoms:Fever, sweats or chillsMuscle acheCoughShortness of breathBlood and phlegmWeight lossWarm, red, or painful skin or sores on your bodyDiarrhea or stomach painBurning when you urinateChills when you urinateUrinating more often than normalFeeling very tired or night sleepingRevival does not cause you side effects but if you have them you should definitely seek medical attention.8 
Fuck this coward, dawg
Free World in the motherfuckin' house, what's goin' on, baby?
Yo, it's time to get rid of this coward right here once and for all
Sick of this motherfucker
Check this shit out
Huh
Huh, yo


Yo, I'll spit a racial slur, honky, sue me
The shit is a horror flick, but the black guy doesn't die in this movie
Fuckin' with Lotto? Dawg, you gotta be kiddin'
That makes me believe you really don't have an interest in livin'
You think these niggas gon' feel the shit you say?
I got a better chance joinin' the KKK
On some real shit, though, I like you
That's why I didn't wanna have to be the one you commit suicide to
Fuck "Lotto", call me your leader
I feel bad that I gotta murder that dude from "Leave It To Beaver"
I used to like that show, now you got me in fight-back mode
But oh well, if you gotta go, then you gotta go
I hate to do this, I would love for this shit to last
So I'll take pictures of my rear end so you won't forget my ass
And all's well that ends okay
So I'll end this shit with a "Fuck you", but have a nice day!

Ward, I think you were a little hard on the Beaver
So was Eddie Haskell, Wally, and Ms. Cleaver
This guy keeps screamin', he's paranoid
Quick, someone get his ass another steroid!
"Blah-badi-boo-blah, blah-blah-badi-bloo-blah!"
I ain't hear a word you said: "Hippity hoopla!"
Is that a tank-top or a new bra?
Look! Snoop Dogg just got a fuckin' boobjob
Didn't you listen to the last round, meathead?
Pay attention, you're sayin' the same shit that he said
Matter of fact, dawg, here's a pencil
Go home, write some shit, make it suspenseful
And don't come back until somethin' dope hits you
Fuck it, you can take the mic home with you
Lookin' like a cyclone hit you
Tank-top screamin', "Lotto, I don't fit you!"
You see how far them white jokes get you
Boys like, "How Vanilla Ice gon' diss you?"
My motto: "Fuck Lotto!"
I'll get the seven digits from your mother for a dollar tomorrowYou might also like 
(Aight, aight...Uh...Slim Shady...Yo, yo, yo...)
It's only fair to warn, I was born with a set of horns
And metaphors attached to my damn umbilical cord
Warlord of rap that'll bash you with a two by four board
And smash into your Honda Accord with a 4-door Ford
But I'm more toward droppin' an acapella
To chop a fella into mozzarella worse than a helicopter propeller
Got you locked in the cellar with your skeleton showing
Developing anorexia while I'm standin' next to ya
Eating a four course meal, watching you starve to death
With an IV in your veins, feeding you liquid Darvocet
Pumping you full of drugs
Pull the plugs
On the gunshot victims full of bullet slugs
Who were picked up in an ambulance
And driven
To receiving with the asses ripped outta they pants
And given
A less than 20 percent chance
Of living
Have a possible placement
As a hospital patient
Storing the dead bodies in grandma's little basement
Doctor Kevorkian has arrived
To perform an autopsy on you while you scream "I'M STILL ALIVE!"
Driving a rusty scalpel in through the top of your scalp, and
Pullin' your Adam's apple out through your mouth
Better call the fire department
I've hired a arson
To set fire to carpet
And burn up your entire apartment
I'm a liar to start shit
Got your bitch wrapped around my dick
So tight you need a crowbar to pry her apart with
Motherfucker, Slim Shady bitch! Recognize!

Met a retarded kid named Greg, with a wooden leg
Snatched it off and beat him over the fucking head with the peg
Go to bed with the keg, wake up with the 40
Mixed it with Alka-Seltzer and Formula 44D
Fuck an acid tab, I'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead
Wait until it absorbed in, and fell to the floor dead
No more said, case closed, end of discussion
I'm blowin' up like spontaneous human combustion
Leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and traumas
Cross the bombers
We blowin' up your house, killing your parents
And coming back to get your foster mommas
And I'm as good at keeping a promise as Nostradamus
Cause I ain't making no more threats
I'm doin' drive-by's in tinted Corvettes on Vietnam war vets
I'm more or less sick in the head
Maybe more cause I smoked crack
Today, yesterday, and the day before
Saboteur, walk the block with a Labrador
Strappin' more corral for war than El Salvador
Foul style galore
Verbal cow manure
Comin' together like the eyebrow on Al B. Sure!
Motherfucker!
You might also like
(Like this, like that, like this
Like this, like that, like this)
I'm the illest rapper to hold a cordless, patrolling corners
Looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters
I'm meaner in action than Roscoe beating James Todd Sr
And smackin' his back with vacuum cleaner attachments
I grew up in a wild hood
As a hazardous youth
With a fucked up childhood
That I used as an excuse
And ain't shit changed
I kept the same mindstate
Since the third time that I failed 9th grade
You probably think that I'm a negative person, don't be so sure of it
I don't promote violence, I just encourage it
I laugh at the sight of death
As I fall down a cement flight of steps
And land inside a bed of spider webs
So throw caution to the wind
You and a friend
Can jump off of a bridge, and if you live, do it again
Shit, why not? Blow your brain out
I'm blowing mine out
Fuck it, you only live once, you might as well die now

Yo, yo, yo!
My mom sent me up to the store with a food stamp
For a pack of cigarettes and a book at the news stand (here)
Two dudes ran up and jumped out of a blue van
I looked down at the ground and picked up a huge branch
I swung it at the first dude, the other one with him
Seen it snap so fast, it looked like it broke before it hit him
So he tried to rush, I swept his legs, pinned him, and bit him
He came back with 6 or 7 dudes screaming "GET HIM!"
I grabbed one,  lit him on fire, pinned, and bit him
The next faggot gave me his shoes like they didn't fit him
One by one I just kept dropin' 'em in a rhythm
Then I woke up swingin' the middle of the kitchen

(Damn... damn... damn...)9 
Your lyrics are shitty, like when I cop a squat
Who told you you could fuck with the mighty Papa Doc?
For steppin' on the stage, I should've rocked ya knot
And don't get too close or ya might get shot
You need to call ya mama and tell her to come get ya
And if she knew him she could bring her midget pops wit' her
I put a hole on your head like a 12 gauge
Lookin' like Kris Kross, jiggity-jumped your ass on stage
'Cause I'm a grown man, son, I'll slaughter you
Make your mom wish that her fat ass aborted youYou might also like 
It's the calm before the storm right here
Wait, how was I gonna start this off?
I forgot… oh yeah


That's an awfully hot coffee pot
Should I drop it on Donald Trump? Probably not
But that's all I got 'til I come up with a solid plot
Got a plan and now I gotta hatch it
Like a damn Apache with a tomahawk
I'ma walk inside a mosque on Ramadan
And say a prayer that every time **** talks
She gets her mou— ahh, I'ma stop
But we better give Obama props
'Cause what we got in office now's a kamikaze
That'll probably cause a nuclear holocaust
And while the drama pops
And he waits for shit to quiet down, he'll just gas his plane up
And fly around 'til the bombing stops
Intensities heightened, tensions are risin'
Trump, when it comes to givin' a shit, you're stingy as I am
Except when it comes to havin' the balls to go against me, you hide 'em
'Cause you don't got the fuckin' nuts like an empty asylum
Racism's the only thing he's fantastic for
'Cause that's how he gets his fuckin' rocks off and he's orange
Yeah, sick tan
That's why he wants us to disband
'Cause he cannot withstand
The fact we're not afraid of Trump
Fuck walkin' on egg shells, I came to stomp
That's why he keeps screamin', "Drain the swamp!"
'Cause he's in quicksand
It's like we take a step forwards, then backwards
But this is his form of distraction
Plus, he gets an enormous reaction
When he attacks the NFL so we focus on that in–
–stead of talkin' Puerto Rico or gun reform for Nevada
All these horrible tragedies and he's bored and would rather
Cause a Twitter storm with the Packers
Then says he wants to lower our taxes
Then who's gonna pay for his extravagant trips
Back and forth with his fam to his golf resorts and his mansions?
Same shit that he tormented Hillary for and he slandered
Then does it more
From his endorsement of Bannon
Support for the Klansmen
Tiki torches in hand for the soldier that's black
And comes home from Iraq
And is still told to go back to Africa
Fork and a dagger in this racist 94-year-old grandpa
Who keeps ignorin' our past historical, deplorable factors
Now if you're a black athlete you're a spoiled little brat for
Tryna use your platform or your stature
To try to give those a voice who don't have one
He says, "You're spittin' in the face of vets who fought for us, you bastards!"
Unless you're a POW who's tortured and battered
'Cause to him you're zeros
'Cause he don't like his war heroes captured
That's not disrespectin' the military
Fuck that, this is for Colin, ball up a fist!
And keep that shit balled like Donald the bitch!
"He's gonna get rid of all immigrants!"
"He's gonna build that thing up taller than this!"
Well, if he does build it, I hope it's rock solid with bricks
'Cause like him in politics, I'm usin' all of his tricks
'Cause I'm throwin' that piece of shit against the wall 'til it sticks
And any fan of mine who's a supporter of his
I'm drawing in the sand a line, you're either for or against
And if you can't decide who you like more and you're split
On who you should stand beside, I'll do it for you with this:
Fuck you!
The rest of America, stand up!
We love our military, and we love our country
But we fuckin' hate Trump!You might also like 


It's alright, it's okay
I'm gonna make it anyway
Gonna make it, can't give up now
I'ma make it somehow

Feel like, still might, still write
Real life, wanna jump on stage and just kill mics
Still white, hate life, break lights
Stage fright, drawin' a blank likeYou might also like 
Hi kids, do you like Kim's bullshit? (No!)
Wanna see me stick her fucking eyeballs right in to my anus?


I got a fucking time traveling machine to go back all to this
And see all the piss that she gave me, bitch
She made me fall on my ass
The walls are caving in and I gotta go ham on this bitch
Like, woah, so we never fell in love so I didn't have to
Go through that shit no more
It's like a nugget, I'm hugging these sluts
That are bothering this fucking chick when I murder
And spit on the beat like the drugs I was taking
Just a bit of it
And stop slurping the blood off her face, or I'll murder you too with a bag full of mace and if Kim comes to my house and says "Wanna get back together?"
And I say "No, get out before I  and splatter the blood on this sweater!"
Blue eyes, red eyes, green eyes, bloody eyes
Hi Mom, you're back again, rock climbing my dick to see how famous my fucking life is?

1980, still feeling shady, 1983, bitch never leave me
1987, met this bitch in heaven, 1999, my life was very deprived
I said hey, do you want me? I'm still feeling kinda shady
1999, we got 3 babies, 1999, will you ever leave me?
Because back then, I was kind of shady
1980, still feeling shady, 1983, bitch never leave me
1987, met this bitch in heaven, 1999, my life was very deprived
I said hey, do you want me? I'm still feeling kinda shady
1999, we got 3 babies, 1999, will you ever leave me?
Because back then, I was kind of shady


Ring around the rosie, pocket full of posie
Kim, Kim, be shady like me, I'm trying for the 4th
Stop being a bitch, please, walking across the highway
Playing Chicken, while brains splatter all over the road like
"ricken, ricken", my phone's dead, now how can I call the bitch?
I'll use the payphone, this bitch is calling my dead phone, she won't leave me alone
Spent 75 cents on her, and she didn't answer
Now I'll come to her house and 
Boo! I'm a ghost, you happy to see me? I'm taking your soul
Well shit, you don't believe me? Boom, I did it, do you believe me now? Shit whatever, I'm the king so hand me the crown


1980, still feeling shady, 1983, bitch never leave me
1987, met this bitch in heaven, 1999, my life was very deprived
I said hey, do you want me? I'm still feeling kinda shady
1999, we got 3 babies, 1999, will you ever leave me?
Because back then, I was kind of shady
1980, still feeling shady, 1983, bitch never leave me
1987, met this bitch in heaven, 1999, my life was very deprived
I said hey, do you want me? I'm still feeling kinda shady
1999, we got 3 babies, 1999, will you ever leave me?
Because back then, I was kind of shady
You might also like
1999, the slut's pussy is so dry, I said 1999, the slut's pussy is so dry, no other faggot can control my life 
It's alright, it's okay
I'm gonna make it anyway
Gonna make it, can't give up now
I'ma make it somehow


Sometimes I just feel like quittin', I still might
Why do I put up this fight? Why do I still write?
Sometimes it's hard enough just dealin' with real life
Sometimes I wanna jump on stage and just kill mics
And show these people what my level of skill's like
But I'm still white, sometimes I just hate life
Somethin' ain't right, hit the brake lights
Case of the stage fright, drawin' a blank like
Da-duh-duh-da-da, it ain't my fault
Great big eyeballs, my insides crawl
And I clam up, I just slam shut
I just can't do it, my whole manhood's
Just been stripped, I have just been 'vict'd
So I must then get off the bus then split
Man, fuck this shit, yo, I'm goin' the fuck home
World on my shoulders as I run back to this 8 Mile Road

I'm a man, I'ma make a new plan
(It's alright, it's okay)
Time for me to just stand up and travel new land
(I'm gonna make it anyway)
Time for me to just take matters into my own hands
(Gonna make it, can't give up now)
Once I'm over these tracks, man, I'ma never look back
(I'ma make it somehow)
(8 Mile Road) And I'm gone, I know right where I'm goin'
(It's alright, it's okay)
Sorry, Momma, I'm grown, I must travel alone
(I'm gonna make it anyway)
Ain't gon' follow no footsteps, I'm makin' my own
(Gonna make it, can't give up now)
Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road
(I'ma make it somehow)


I'm walkin' these train tracks, tryna regain back
The spirit I had 'fore I go back to the same crap
To the same plant, in the same pants
Tryna chase rap, gotta move ASAP
And get a new plan, Momma's got a new man
Poor little baby sister, she don't understand
Sits in front of the TV, buries her nose in the pad
And just colors until the crayon gets dull in her hand
While she colors her big brother and mother and dad
Ain't no tellin' what really goes on in her little head
Wish I could be the daddy that neither one of us had
But I keep runnin' from somethin' I never wanted so bad
Sometimes I get upset, ‘cause I ain't blew up yet
It's like I grew up, but I ain't grow me two nuts yet
Don't gotta rep my step, don't got enough pep
The pressure's too much, man, I'm just tryna do what's best
And I try, sit alone and I cry
Yo, I won't tell no lie, not a moment goes by
That I don't pray to the sky, please, I'm beggin' you, God
Please don't let me be pigeonholed in no regular job
Yo, I hope you can hear me, homie, wherever you are
Yo, I'm tellin' you, dawg, I'm bailin' this trailer tomorrow
Tell my mother I love her, kiss baby sister goodbye
Say whenever you need me, baby, I'm never too far
But, yo, I gotta get out there, the only way I know
And I'ma be back for you the second that I blow
On everything I own, I'll make it on my own
Off to work I go back to this 8 Mile Road
You might also like
I'm a man, gotta make a new plan
(It's alright, it's okay)
Time for me to just stand up and travel new land
(I'm gonna make it anyway)
Time for me to just take matters into my own hands
(Gonna make it, can't give up now)
Once I'm over these tracks, man, I'ma never look back
(I'ma make it somehow)
(8 Mile Road) And I'm gone, I know right where I'm goin'
(It's alright, it's okay)
Sorry, Momma, I'm grown, I must travel alone
(I'm gonna make it anyway)
Ain't gon' follow no footsteps, I'm makin' my own
(Gonna make it, can't give up now)
Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road
(I'ma make it somehow)


You gotta live it to feel it; you didn't, you wouldn't get it
Or see what the big deal is, why it was and it still is
To be walkin' this borderline of Detroit city limits
It's different, it's a certain significance, a certificate
Of authenticity, you'd never even see
But it's everything to me, it's my credibility
You never seen, heard, smelled or met a real MC
Who's incredible or on the same pedestal as me
But yet I'm still unsigned, havin' a rough time
Sit on the porch with all my friends and kick dumb rhymes
Go to work and serve MCs in the lunchline
But when it comes crunch time, where do my punchlines go?
Who must I show to bust my flow?
Where must I go? Who must I know?
Or am I just another crab in the bucket?
‘Cause I ain't havin' no luck with this little rabbit's foot, fuck it
Maybe I need a new outlet, I'm startin' to doubt shit
I'm feelin' a little skeptical who I hang out with
I look like a bum, yo, my clothes ain't about shit
At the Salvation Army, tryna salvage an outfit
And it's cold, tryna travel this road
Plus I feel like I'm always stuck in this battlin' mode
My defenses are so up, but one thing I don't want
Is pity from no one, this city is no fun
There is no sun, and it's so dark
Sometimes I feel like I'm just bein' pulled apart
From each one of my limbs, by each one of my friends
It's enough to just make me wanna jump out of my skin
Sometimes I feel like a robot, sometimes I just know not
What I'm doin', I just blow, my head is a stove top
I just explode, the kettle gets so hot
Sometimes my mouth just overloads the ass that I don't got
But I've learned, it's time for me to U-turn
Yo, it only takes one time for me to get burned
Ain't no fallin', no, next time I meet a new girl
I can no longer play stupid or be immature
I got every ingredient, all I need is the courage
Like I already got the beat, all I need is the words
Got the urge, suddenly it's a surge
Suddenly a new burst of energy has occurred
Time to show these Free World leaders the three and a third
I am no longer scared now, I'm free as a bird
Then I turn and cross over the median curb
Hit the 'burbs and all you see is a blur from 8 Mile Road

I'm a man, gotta make a new plan
(It's alright, it's okay)
Time for me to just stand up and travel new land
(I'm gonna make it anyway)
Time for me to just take matters into my own hands
(Gonna make it, can't give up now)
Once I'm over these tracks, man, I'ma never look back
(I'ma make it somehow)
(8 Mile Road) And I'm gone, I know right where I'm goin'
(It's alright, it's okay)
Sorry, Momma, I'm grown, I must travel alone
(I'm gonna make it anyway)
Ain't gon' follow no footsteps, I'm makin' my own
(Gonna make it, can't give up now)
Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road
(I'ma make it somehow) Broke the rubber
Busted a nut up in your mother
So how you feel about having another little brother
Nasty motherfucker
Talking like a trucker
Snatch your bitch up out of your track
I Smack her up and fuck her
Always talk shit high
Smoking chocolate Thai
So y'all can die
Just by walking by giving an awkward eye
I've lost my motherfreaking marbles
Smelling like a brewery
Jewelling at the way your jewellery sparkles
Head full of charcoals
Smoked out brain particles
Burning holes in clothes articles
A retarded fool since I started school
Burned the weed before I learned to read
Disregarded rules
Skip the classes to blaze the blunt ashes
Kissing front dashes and smashing up cars like stunt crashes
Hall passes for restrooms
Chewing mushrooms
Doing rush fumes in the lunch room
Looking nervous
Liquor in my thermos
Hung with hermits who carry guns without permits
Staring at the bitch with firm tits
Jacking off
Aiming straight for both lips when my sperm spitsYou might also like9 1. "Hit 'Em Up" by 2Pac (Ft. Outlawz)
2. "Diss Fe Liar" by YZ
3. "Real Muthaphuckkin G's" by Eazy-E (Ft. B.G. Knocc Out & Dresta)
4. "The Bitch in Yoo" by Common
5. "Fuck Compton" by Tim Dog
6. "Fuck wit Dre Day (And Everybody's Celebratin')" by Dr. Dre (Ft. Jewell, RBX & Snoop Dogg)
7. "No Vaseline" by Ice Cube
8. "Fuck tha Police" by N.W.A
9. "Jack the Ripper" by LL Cool J
10. "10% Dis" by MC Lyte
11. "Roxanne's Revenge" by Roxanne Shanté
12. "The Bridge Is Over" by Boogie Down
- Honorable Mentions:
13. "Wack M.C.'s" by Del The Funky Homosapien

- Bonus Track:
14. "Your Life's on the Line" by 50 CentYou might also like 
I'ma tell you this for your own benefit
Your shit was dope as hell, 'specially when you wrote ninety-percent of it
What you need to do is practice on your freestyles
'Fore you come up missin', like Snoop Dogg's police files
This type of literature that I'm spittin' be hittin'
You gonna swear to God this shit was written
But it wasn't, I'll kill a dozen rappers when I'm buzzin'
Guzzlin', beat your ass like a jealous husband
Now, you boys are about to suffer and see north
When you go in a coma longer than Vladimir Konstantinov
Cut the damn machine off
Get a clean cloth, and wipe this bloody video screen off

I'm movin' in for the kill, plus I got the trap set
I can tell you're wack as fuck, and I ain't even hear you rap yet
Look at you thinkin', "I'm about to whip his ass
‘Cause I'ma do some written shit, plus I get to go last."
Well, guess what? Even if I go first, it's no worse
My shit's still gon' demolish yo' verse
I'm 'bout to slice you like a Ginsu
And anything you say can and will be used against you
In a court of law, I'm short and raw
Take your fuckin' shit and cut it off
Yo, you wanna be a dope MC?
Look, don't get mad and start takin' your period out on me
'Cause I ain't done shit to you


You wanna represent on the microphone, but you rap sleazily
I ain't about to battle this fake ass Eazy-E
There ain't no way I'ma do this bullshit
I don't give a fuck, I'm loaded up with a full clip
Rhyme of the month? You couldn't get the tape of the day
Take him away, I rip him like a paper mache
I heard you rap before, you ain't about shit
This whole battle was mismatched, like your outfit
Try to battle me and get your mouth split
You sold out, like Ticketmaster Outlet
Ha ha, I bust and I crush
I don't give a fuck, ain't no way that you can fuck with us
I'm givin' back with pimp shit
I laminate that ass in a badge and wear it at the Rap Olympics
You might also like
Blah-badee-blah-da-blah-blah—stop babblin'!
You so fuckin' wack I'ma walk away while you battlin'
Fuck that, I'm on a brand new solo mission
To make sure that Wendy Day kicks your ass out of the rap coalition
I throw a switch at an execution
With an overdose of devotion
Don't talk back, I'm the dope, bitch
So who you sound like on the mic?
There was only one 2Pac, your thug style is just one big sike
Take a big hike, bitch, you can't catch me
Your best rhymes still ain't shit, like a patsy
What the fuck you gonna do?
I'll battle anybody in your crew
And I don't give a fuck, I slaughter boys
Especially wack-ass emcees that will wear a fake-ass corduroy


I'm 'bout to make this mic short circuit
This beat is wack as fuck—this shit fits you perfect!
I got so many ways to diss you that I'm playful with you
I'll let a razor slit you, 'til they have to staple-stitch you
And everybody in this fuckin' place'll miss you
If you try to turn my facial tissue to a racial issue
Nobody's hearin' you, you're a wack liar
Damn! All your white jokes just backfired
‘Cause, bitch, you barkin' up the wrong tree
Now go tell all your boys that you was beat by a honkey
I don't give a fuck, I'll kill ya
Bitch, you better recognize me, like I look familiar
Anything you say, I'ma kill ya
Grill ya, when I fuckin' drill ya
I'm Marsh, but you're the one that's mellow 
Peace, welcome to this cypher
Black Dante, Black Thought, Eminem
We in Brooklyn, I gotta do this for Brooklyn
Listen, real quick, yo


For sinners, saints and scramblers and gamblers, and dirty money handlers
Dignitaries and champions, narcotic traffickers
Talented number runners and racketeers
Stars of stage, page and cameras, slang swingers and swaggerers
Double barrels and Derringers, automatics and miracles
Europe, Asia and Africa, all the time in America
Atlantic, Ashland, Albemarle to Albany
Bridge into Baltic, Bedford Ave., Bergen Street
Clinton to Cadman, Church Ave. to Clarendon Road
To Central Avenue, Cooper House, Cypress
And live from Bedford-Stuyvesant, the livest
High-flyingest pilot bombardier from Pyrrhus
Stationed live and direct, Medina mastermind set
Dem CAN'T lock my set! Now lock off, cool!
Peace to the nation of the Gods and the Earths
And the Sun, Moon and Stars, furthermore born knowledge
Go harrrrrrd!

Uh, yeah, yeah, check it out
Remix, risin' up outta the flames like a phoenix
Strainin' to carry the weight of my brain like a genius
Knowin' I'm sowin' seeds, let's see whose thumb is the greenest
If I said it, I mean it, and did it because I need it
Eat, sleep it and bleed it, write it down and then read it
Asphalt to the cement, your trash talk is deleted
Blast off! I lay 'em out like a Tempurpedic
Black Thought — I told you I'ma win eventually
This unsung, underrated, underappreciated
The one them underachievers had underestimated
Finally graduated from somethin' that's so hated
To one of the most sacred, nobody gon' take it, face it!
I keep doin' it well
Doin' it sans assistance is do it yourself
Doin' it below the radar, we doin' it stealth
Doin' it again for Illadelph and who else, but check it out
Y'all see him on a job, see my eyes focused where the prize be
I'm like Martin Luther King, you like Rodney
The difference is I give it everythin' inside me
Dear Diary, my fans still swear by me
Even though I'm Late Night now like Here's Johnny!
Swimmin' with them great whites now is how to find me
Funny how it break right down, but never mind me
I'm forever grimy, guess it's just Philly shinin'
Rock rolla, bi-polar like Phyllis Hyman
You might also like
Like a dope fiend openin' up a bottle of dopamine
You're just hopin' he don’t get rope for your throat to choke anythin'
Oh, and just think how dope he could be if he smoked anythin'
Oh, there goes the bell — the sound of the openin' ding
I hit you as hard as barbiturates in the ribs
With a switch and stitch you at the same time before you can flinch to it
My **** is so big, if I add another inch to it
You would swear when I ***** you that you was actually into it
I'm not a baller, but you can bet your fuckin' bottom dollar
That I remember when I was without a dollar bill in my wallet
Now, watch me kill a koala while I maul a chihuahua
Bum a pill off of Paula like, "Let me holler at you, mama"
It's like I'm off the bombom when I bring the ******' drama
Used to bomb ya like Saddam, but now that I'm a little calmer
I'm a ******' cross between Osama, Dahmer, Obama and Dalai Lama
Tell Miley I'm her knight in shinin' armor
Mail a gift to Taylor Swift's trailer a picture of my genitalia
With a note sayin', "*****, I can't wait to **** ya"
Drug paraphernalia, beware, the werewolf will kill ya
That's him in his sheep's clothes, he just shaved his hair off, Cecilia 
Yeah.. 50 Cent, Lloyd Banks, Tony Yayo
G-UNIT!


This rap shit plays a major part in my life
So if you jeapordize it I got the right
To send a mothafucka at you tonight
G-Unit! And I ain't stoppin' till my clique poppin'
Swimmin' in barrels of money
Ma can walk around with her head up, cuz her child ain't a dummy
It's funny, niggas would rather see you sufferin' and hungry
I'm comfy as hell, skatin' with another nigga's money
You lyin' your ass off, you know you ain't that tough
I'm pullin' your mask off as soon as you act up
You know what I came for, a piece of the game, or
Artillery that's about as long as a chainsaw (Lloyd Banks!)
I'm wide awake but it still feels like I'm dreamin'
Forty cal. under my pillow, condom full of my semen
The physical presence of a female's the form of a demon
That's why I, fuck 'em and leave 'em
Get my nut while I'm breathin'
Cause they thought they'd catch me slippin', now I'm duckin' and trippin'
That's a thousand dollar outfit what the fuck is you rippin'?
You trippin', more records could get my ass in position
Death waits for no religion whether Catholic or Christian
Listen, I went through Mama bitchin' in and out the kitchen
With probable cause, Papa was in and out of prison
You got soldiers, but you still gotta respect ours
We got more four five's and nines than a deck of cards

You can take me out the 'hood, but can't take the 'hood out me (Cause what?)
Cause I'm ghetto, I'm ghetto
Niggas hate when you do good
But when you broke, your friends and your enemies
They love you, they love you
"Chi Chi, get the yayo"
Picture me being crack, out of town, trips on the train, What!
"Chi Chi, get the yayo"
Picture me being crack (Tony Yayo!)
You can sniff me, cut me, I'll turn you to a junkie
I'm the number one seller in the whole fuckin' country
Wall Street niggas, they cop me on the low
White boys don't call me coke, they call me blow
It's time to go, on the bus, the train, the plane
I'm smuggled, I'm nothin' but trouble
I'll make your money double
Cook me in baking soda
I'll turn your Hooprock into a new Range Rover
I'll pay all your bills and fill your 'frigerator
Feed your family, turn your man to a hater
You can put me in your door panels or your stashbox
Put me in your Nikes, Timbs or Reeboks
If you cop three and a half you hustling backwards
Cop a hundred grams, you moving forwards
You tryin' to move more birds
In PA all day, on the corner of Third
You might also like
You can take me out the 'hood, but can't take the 'hood out me (what?)
Cause I'm ghetto, I'm ghetto
Picture me polishin' pistols, I'm comin' to get you
The shells hit you, you screamin'
Think I'm playin'? I mean it
Man, I done bought all these pistols
Lets get it poppin'
Start to wave em and boy shell cases get to droppin' (C'mon)
If Jeffrey's down the corner, I got too much pride to hide
I'm outside, gun in my pocket just stunnin' I'm stoppin'
I'm dyin' to pop it, I'm young and I'm restless, you know the contestants
As the world turns, there's lessons to be learned
Count all my blessin's, clean up my weapons
I'm ready for war, the strong survive, the weak shall perish
I told you before, hoes they compliment me now like "50 nice chain"
Belagio, twenty grand in chips at the dice games
Ballin out, can't stop gotta watch MTV, BET
Nigga you see me!
I wonder if you mad, cause I'm doin' good
Or cause niggas feelin' me more than you in your own 'hood
And it hurts cause you love 'em and they don't love you back
Cause they know you just rappin' and you don't bust a gat
You pussy
Yeah, explain it to the niggas in your hood nigga
They know you fuckin' frontin' nigga
Talkin' all that gangsta shit on a record, I see you nigga
Niggas know me nigga, ask around in my 'hood nigga
Read the "Daily News" nigga you see them talkin' about me nigga
I'm in the middle of all kinds of shit
Pussy, lets get it poppin'
G-G-Unit, G-G-Unit, G-G-G-Unit, G-G-G-G-G-G-Unit, G-Unit!1 
Clinton Sparks
("Obie Trice" "Yeah")
Anger Management 3 (Get familiar, that's right)
Shady
Hahaha (Shoutout to Ireland
Scotland, London) Obie Trice
Second Rounds On Me (My man Tim Westwood) Hahaha (DJ Semtex)
(Real DJ, bitches) New album coming this summer
I know you been waitin' ()

Yeah
I’m back to business, back to them classic hits
Macking bitches in the massive whips
Subtracting other rappers chips, 'cause I’m actually
What’s happening, these other cats talent is shit
I’m talented as shit, bringing gallons with me, man, I’m so sick
It’s like a challenge every time that I spit
So how do you balance these amateurs with a graduate
, no candidate could ever exist
This ain't Canada, ni-nigga, this 'caine carrying
Hand on a fifth, came in the game wearing the same fit
My funny shit, you niggas took it extreme there (Yeah)
You still catch a couple of clips up in your Spring wear
On the scuffle tip You might also like 
Cheddar, I can rip you to a shred of cheddar cheese
There's not a better MC than me
I'm B-Rabbit, bitch, sting like a bee, float like a butterfly
What am I? So what if I cut a guy?
Did I s-s-stutter, guy?
Leave you punch-drunk from lunch truck to Shelter
You never felt the wrath or felt the skelter, melt ya
Got the belt for the welterweight champ
You got in wit' a fake stamp
Garbage bag full of clothes, still pullin' hoes
Rip you from head to toe, from leg to bullet hole
Next gun, pull it slow
And aim at the Free World 'fore you let it go
Instead of "Oh, I just shot my dickhead"
And yes, you do got a big head
I can't call it, Cheddar, where's your wallet?
You're so drunk, you can outdrink the alcoholics
Make 'em say "Damn, Cheddar's the man
He needs a can surgically removed from his hand"You might also like 
Well, Jimmy moved in with his mother
'Cause he ain't got no place to go
And now I'm right back in the gutter
With a garbage bag that's full of clothes (Buss it, buss it, 'cause)
You live at home in a trailer
What the hell you gonna do? (Yeehaw! Haha)
'Cause I live at home in a trailer
Mom, I'm comin' home to you (Uh, break it down, uh, yee!)


Well, my name is Jimmy, his name's Greg Buehl
Me, him and you, we went to the same school
This ain't cool, I'm in a rage
He's tappin' my mom, we're almost the same age
On the microphone, I drop bombs
Look at this car, thanks a lot, mom! (Haha)
"Here, happy birthday, Rabbit
Here's a brand new car, you can have it
A 1928 Delta"
This shit won't even get me to The Shelter
And I can't even say I'm from Motown
'Cause I'm back in the 810 now (Ahahahahahaha)

'Cause I live at home in a trailer (Haha, haha)
Mom, I'm comin' home to youYou might also like1 
Good morning! Ha-ha!
Wake your motherfucking asses up!
Are y'all with us or what?
Well, come on then, you know what time it is
Stop sleeping on my group, BITCH!


For whatever it's worth it's worth me havin' my ass whipped
'Cause I'ma have the last lips to ever kiss ass with
I just can't get past these little piss ants
That wanna be brawny bad asses so bad
And they so mad, they can't stand it
'Cause we can and they can't spit
And they can't handle it like a man
And that's when it just happens
And I snap, and it's a wrap, and it's scrap, and then it isn't rap, is it?
Hip-Hop isn't a sport anymore when you gotta go and resort back into that shit
Maybe I'm old-fashioned, but my passion is to smash anyone rappin' without havin' to slap him
Believe me, I'd much rather lift a pencil than a pistol when I'm pissed now
But it all depends on just how far it gets took on the mic
'Cause I'm tellin' you right now, you're not gonna like it
'Cause if I get pushed over the edge then I'm pullin' you with me
You poke a stick at a pit bull, you get bit, B
These words stick to you like Krazy Glue when you diss me
'Cause they just bounce off me, like bullets to 50
I'm the beautiful-lest thing and you gonna miss me when I'm gone
Like Keith Murray when he threw a stool and hit a girl accidentally
I do this for Swifty, Kon and Kuniva, Bizzy & Proof, are you with me?

Come on then, everybody come on and
Kick your shoes off motherfuckers, come on in
'Cause we get it on until the break of dawn and
Wake your ass up motherfuckers, quit yawning
'Cause we ain't leaving 'til 6 in the morning
So have a sing along with the words of the song and
If you don't know the words, and you can't sing along, then
Fake like you know 'em motherfuckers and join in
Everybody, good morning!


They consider me the epitome me of a beef starter
In a party with heat, it's hard to keep me without one
Fuck slugs, I'm walkin' gloves with a shotgun
Constantly poppin' slugs, they hot, son, better not run (Aah!)
The bosses of all bosses; a holocaust to whoever ain't conscious
In a house full of dog shit
I'm a gothic death project, you stop breathin'
You die quicker than Mach speed without bleedin'
It ain't about what you readin'
When you meet me, better speak like a season's greetings
Either that or we'll be beefin' frequent
You niggas need an ''E'' just to speak shit
Your leader's a petite bitch
Keep the heater where you can reach quick
I snipe you with it, and we won't even keep it a secret
Nigga I did it from the mind of a mental patient
When Glocks wave, you can save that conversation for satan
You brave?
You might also like
Come on then, everybody come on and
Kick your shoes off motherfuckers, come on in
'Cause we get it on until the break of dawn and
Wake your ass up motherfuckers, quit yawning
'Cause we ain't leaving 'til 6 in the morning
So have a sing along with the words of the song and
If you don't know the words, and you can't sing along, then
Fake like you know 'em motherfuckers and join in
Everybody, good morning!


I heard you niggas don't like us, but so what?
This beef is like, "What the fuck did he say in his rap, Em?"
I can see that he's just a punk
I mean these niggas squeeze on me
Please, I'm seeing guts
I don't need no enemies, as my family a couple trucks and my MPC and a mic
They empty out on them bike to fight you
In front of every reporter that I don't like
No need for metaphors to get points across when I write
This emotion's enough to say: "Fuck you, bitch, and I don't like you!"
What?! I might as well give this up, but that'd be selfish as fuck
To leave D12 in this, but we can't self-destruct
I've never felt it this much, c'mon, fellas, get up!
We gotta fight like Bugz last night of his life, c'mon!

I walk with a limp, pistol hanging off of the hip
I'm awkward and quick enough and sick when sparking a fifth
Your carcass is split, even if beef is partially thick
We can't take you seriously, you a comedy skit
You probably wish that you could be out, shooting at G's
But the only thing you shoot is the breeze, I can't believe
You speaking on moving keys, but every time we hear you kick it
The only thing that you selling is woof tickets
I look wicked 'cause niggas'll test your nutsack
So when they bust, you better bust back or get your guts clapped outta your stomach
And when they want it I'll bring a hundred niggas from Runyon, so get to gunnin' if you coming


Come on then, everybody come on and
Kick your shoes off motherfuckers, come on in
'Cause we get it on until the break of dawn and
Wake your ass up motherfuckers, quit yawning
'Cause we ain't leaving 'til 6 in the morning
So have a sing along with the words of the song and
If you don't know the words, and you can't sing along, then
Fake like you know 'em motherfuckers and join in
Everybody, good morning!9 
Yo, I'm tryna be the
Man of the day, three-six-five a year
See, the bullshit you sayin', Skam ain't tryna hear (Fuck that!)
Bustin' lyrics in the air, keepin' some up in the chamber
(Yo Skam, what the fuck you doin'?) Man, I'm releasin' anger!
I'm tryna be the illest of the day, three-six-five a year
So that bullshit you sayin', Shady ain't tryna hear (Uh-uh)
Spittin' lyrics in your ear, keepin' some up in the chamber
Ayo Shady, what the fuck you doin'? (I'm releasin' anger!)

You know what they're saying about you, don't you?
You've got funny in the head!
A real bloody weirdo! (Hahaha)


Man
I'm tired of bein' tired, every time I wake up
Tired of these fake ducks, tired of bein' late for the bus (Hey, wait up)
Tired of all be blendin', and endin' up datin' sluts
So my facial expression stay stuck up, and shut the fuck up! (Shut the fuck up)
To the pretty ass rappers, that ain't shit without make-up
Wake up gold-diggin' bitches, the buck stops here
The road to riches is closed for repairs
If the shoe ain't fittin', girl, leave that shit alone
You ain't Erykah Badu, what I look like, Tyrone?
I rip a tissue out your ear, spittin' like I don't care
My hair look like I ain't comb this shit in damn near a year
Side burn zig-zag, I leave the next man with his heels up
Brain dead to be reincarnated at a speed bump
When we done we skate hard, so you don't land shit
Suck Skam's dick, gargle with a dead man's spit (Hahaha)
Yo, that's it, I don't plan shit, you know how it go down
They need to slow down, and take a look who the ho now
At every industry party, gettin' so damn drunk
Can't remember the last ass you kissed, or dick you sucked
Remind me of my ex, industry got me vexed
Try roll up on Miami, leave with a broke neck
Oh shit, lethal lyric equal landmine
I be stackin' up White rappers like I'm throwin' gang signs
And I'm buck wild, exposin' the plain truth
You couldn't mess with me, fuckin' shit up in the same room
Hey you, I don't know you but fuck it, let me get a dollar
For this bad karma that go along with the breath
Some sort of mad bomber, and steal the show like a theft
'Cause in Miami, the baby jammin' like three up in the chamber
(Yo, Skam, what the fuck you doin'?) Man
You might also like
Yo, I'm tryna be the
Man of the day, three-six-five a year
See, the bullshit you sayin', Skam ain't tryna hear (Fuck that!)
Bustin' lyrics in the air, keepin' some up in the chamber
(So what the fuck you doin', then?) Man, I'm releasin' anger!
I'm tryna be the illest of the day, three-six-five a year
So that bullshit you sayin', Shady ain't tryna hear (Uh-uh)
Spittin' lyrics in your ear, keepin' some up in the chamber
Ayo Slim, what the fuck you doin'? (Dawg, I'm releasin' anger!)


I've been trying to figure something in my head, and maybe you can help me out, yeah? When a person is insane, as you clearly are, do you know that you're insane? Maybe you're just sitting around, reading Guns & Ammo, masturbating in your own feces, do you just stop and go, "Wow! It is amazing how fucking crazy I really am!"?

Some people say I'm strange, I tell 'em ain't shit changed
I'm still the same lame asshole with a different name (Mhm)
Who came late to the last show with a different dame
Brain ate from the last O' that I sniffed of 'caine
You know you're spaced the fuck out like George Lucas
When your puke is turnin' to yellowish-orange mucus
So when I grab a pencil and squeeze it between fingers
I'm not a rapper, I'm a demon who speaks English
A freak genius, too extreme for the weak and squeamish
Burn you alive 'til you screamin' to be extinguished (Ah, put me out
Put me out!)  'Cause when I drop the science, motherfuckers
Tell me to stop the violence, start a fire and block the hydrants
I'm just a mean person, you never seen worse than
So when Slim gets this M-16 burstin'
You gettin' spun backwards like every word of obscene cursin'
On the B-side of my first single with the clean version
Stoppin' your short life when you still a teen virgin
Unless you get a kidney specialist and a spleen surgeon
In the best hospital possible for emergency surgery
To try to stop the blood from your ruptured sternum internally
I'll take it back before we knew each other's name
Run in a ultrasound and snatch you out your mother's frame
I'll take it further back than that, back to lovers' lane
To the night you was thought up and cock-block your father's game (What up, dawg)
I'll plead the fifth like my jaws were muzzled
So suck my dick while I take a shit and do this crossword puzzle (Um)
And when I'm down with ten seconds left in the whole bout
I'ma throw a head-butt so hard, I knock us both out
(You got knocked the fuck out, hahaha)

Yo, I'm tryna be the
Man of the day, three-six-five a year
See, the bullshit you sayin', Skam ain't tryna hear (Fuck that!)
Bustin' lyrics in the air, keepin' some up in the chamber
(Yo Skam, what the fuck you doin'?) Man, I'm releasin' anger!
I'm tryna be the illest of the day, three-six-five a year (That's right)
So that bullshit you sayin', Shady ain't tryna hear (Uh-uh)
(Shut the fuck up!) Spittin' lyrics in your ear, keepin' some up in the chamber
Ayo Eminem, what the fuck you doin'? (Man, I'm releasin' anger!) 
I boss how I live
Fuck 'em hoe
God meant me
To push Bentleys
The Stat Quo
Still slammin' 'lac doors
This squad 'ill blow your brain out
Half-crazy
Bustin' out the window
Aight cut it, cook it, bag it
Distribute it through the city
Home get that cabbage
Take it, flip it
Turn illegal to legal
Launder, stay grindin'
Keepin' ya business on the under
Humble moves come up
Cops run up
But most of them corrupt
So what?
They want they cut
So pay 'em
All those who oppose the squad
Spray 'em
Got goons with MACs
Who kill for scratch
Okay I'm
One quick trip 'ill
And get you filled with gas
Broad day and niggas 'ill kill you
Without the mask
I'm getting bank
Like I'm shooting it from off the glass
Signed with Shady-Aftermath
Cause I'm after cash
Biatch

The way it go
Just heard my dog
Stat Quo flow
Ha, ya heard what he had to say
Use the words Swifty McVay
I'm ill enough to shoot a nigga through his pager
And if I missed
The shit's going exactly through his neighbor
My behavior's
Fatal enough to faint niggas
Old age and cradle
I shoot from unexpected angles
I changed ya facials
I could have you niggas hugging an angel
Literally
Niggas be crazy
I'm misery, breaking both of ya ankles
I diminish mentally
I turn you into a mimic of Kennedy
I don't go to sleep 'till I murder motherfuckers in trilogies
I recruit enemies
Friends ain't shit
They take yo ends and split
Willingly
What kind of shit got a nigga faking the funk
Dressed like George Clinton
But you hoes ain't making a buck
You out and about
With yo face frostbit
With a hustlin' mouth
But you really full of brussels sprouts
Husband or spouse
Your generation's running out
Because my gun's in ya mouth
Penetration coming (cumming) fast
We won, you lost
You got a witness program
Move out cold then John Walsh
Wild
And this the way we do
Emzy, Imma pass it to you
So what ya wanna do?
You might also like
What I wanna do? What I wanna do?
Let me see right here, yo


Not many people that I label would be able
To display table manners, but our plan is
To make this beat rock like scanners and make the fans just
Go bananas, yo, get our planners
That means our nuts for the sluts who don't under-
Stand this, yo, my plan is, yeah right
And y'all gon' stand there and act like you don't understand it
Like my name is Janet, my titty fell out and I ain't plan it
Yo, check this—check this out
And if you rocking with ya necklace out, that's my breakfast now
I'mma snatch it, yo, my style is wretched
You can't fetch it, no you can't stretch it
And yo, it doesn't really matter
Cause ya name I can't even pronunciate, you the—
Same type of mo'fucker to go and sucker
Punch Dre at the Vibe Awards, but he right behind the boards
The next day, so kiss an ass
Or kiss a dick, lick a dick, eat my ass
Whatever you won' do it's on you
Big Proof coming through with the mo—

Y'all niggas sing
Y'all done came to the Nina Ross war
Ya homie's a killa
But my killas they cost more
It's all inherited
I was boss born
Put eighteen in ya flesh
And make ya chest a golf course
Niggas know that we ain't even
You know why
(gasps) I'm still breathin'
Yeah I got that real heathen
With them steel beams on 'em
Through ya dreams on 'em
Like I'm still a fiend
Noted for mics
It's only right
You see my real team, brody
I do it live
I was sippin' on some cream soda
Heave phony
Fuck this back and forth
This ain't a tennis meet
I spray you industry gangstas
Cause they ain't in the streets
It's cool to beef
But why?
'Till you truce with or you trust me
I told you Puffy
And you can lose Big (B.I.G.)
I'm Proof
Who you could do big things with us
Spit dope
They call me Rick James bitch
Clip-clack
Bang-hit
Bang-drip
Drip fang of blood
Drip, drip, drank when sirens cop came
Body bag thick
Body bag, zip-zip
That's it
Fuck you bitch


Down a dark street
It's the dirty Stat Quo
Lord have mercy
Breathe, hello I'm 'bout my cheese
The steez, mellow
Cash in the bank
On my grind in the paint
Oh, look how I do live with my boy Westwood
Up to no good
Smoking that good shit
See how I ball
Handle, handle my business
Eminem, Swift, P, Stat Quo that's it
Back on the track
Green Lantern done switched the beat
I'm guaranteed to my thang and drop the heat
My man Zeke is in the corner with him
Boss Hog, A-town, yes I be them
Do what I do freestyle, top of the dome
Don't fuck with my click
Leave Doc Dre alone
If I see you out the wars
Imma stab yo' ass
Whoop yo' ass
Ya fuck with me
I make ya handicap
And I pass the mic to my man Swifty
McVay he don't play


I'm Swifty McVay
Ya bastard out the blue
I'm hazard
I even haunt spirits that's after you
I'm cancerous with no answer
Pharmaceutic, I turn you allergic to being human
It ain't new
It's what I do when I'm feudin'
A sick nuisance
I have ya had
Until motherfuckers lookin' like Rick Rubin
What do you do to fools that think that they can take laughs?
Their face get sliced
And that's what's up
I inherit the power of all the rappers
I gotta be like Kruger
All them niggas bodies are coming out of me
I usually pack a Ruger
Now I see that I can be successful
By bruisin' yo chest
Without a thing
A professional
I'm a king that slaughtered kings
Exceptional, genetically raised by wolverines nigga
I give a fuck on what niggas seen
I'll send a fiend to pitifully raise you
And then convene bitch
That's what we do
Our crew D12
Rapping nigga
In take the Nina off the shelf
And I'm hazard for ya health
Like I said before
The type to walk the streets
And the five-o ignore
Me when they see me
Dog, I'll burn you like VD
And that's the way we be
Fuck you!


Easy, easy
I'm trying to hold a job down here
Yeah, yeah
I apologize if anyone's offended
You know tune out go to something else
Come back later
It's going down
It's real hip-hop
There's gonna be some swear words
Be prepared
Change the station if you ain't built


Aftermath in the house now
Get yo' fricking mouth stabbed out
Y'all get so mad
Get so livid
Looking for dap from anyone who would give it
Now how you gon' value
Someone else's opinion
Cause you selfish
I'm rap's Elvis
Everybody try to grab the helm-ets and they hardhats
Run and duck for cover
Yo, fuck ya mother
What the fuck are ya?
Yo, I'm sprayin'
While I'm playin'
I ain't playin'
I'm sprayin' at your feet
Like hey Imma cock the hand
Imma pull my cock out
Outta my pajamas
And cock back the cock
Like it's chicken
Yo, check it out
The clock is ticking
It's countdown to Armageddon
And there's nothing you can do to stop it
Put your arm or head in
Or put a pen in it
But once the grenade pin is pulled
It's nothing you could do
But end up in the hospital
Yeah, yeah
Hospital, pital, 'spitals
End up in the 'spital
And y'all can eat my tender vittles
I don't really give a fudge
Fudge, fudge-packers
Is what y'all are
And y'all get smacked up
At the awards show
However you want it to go
We can make it go either way
Biatch
That's itch-bay backwards
F around and smack turds
They told us not to use no cuss words
So we gon' not use cuss words
And say busters instead
Have you all bleeding red
Damn, right out of yo' head
That's what I said
And my name ain't Fred
My name ain't special ed
And it ain't my birthday
But Proof can get on the mic in the worst way
And I don't even have to curse to say


Proof's a wolf
Grab ya pooper-scooper
Follow me
I fight to the death
Like Apollo Creed
I only hang with bitches that swallow seeds
Air Force Ones not Wallabees
Hollow tease
I be, rushin' colonies
I'm known by all blacks in hoods
Like collard greens
Last of a dyin' breed
Old school like Model Ts
When I ride on my rivalries
Like 2Pac writ
Put you in the I.C.U
With no eye sockets
More than five shots spit
So you can die hot bitch
It's only one topic
I need profit
Fuck the gossip
Harry the hype-writer
The night lighter
The only thing higher than Proof
Nigga is my lighter
I'm watchin' you fly niggas crash
Like Al-Qaeda
Crime fighter
Guess I rhyme by the mind tighter
Than the World Trade
Bit the jaws
Like Jay Dee
I put my fucking dick to broads
Broads, dog that's down on all fours
Of course I'm down to get yours
How come my niggas stop cold
When they heard capsule?
The rap flow is good
And they say that we fatsos
They gotta be this way
And we catch 'em with lassos
And how they feel about that?
Cause we breaking they cash flow
My niggas tell me right there
I ain't got no time
So know why fool
Dropped outta high school
Cause Slim said so
Now I'm back in this bitch
And I'm 'bout to ride this bitch
And this motherfucker rockin'
For Tim, asshole
I gotta do this shit right
Now Swift is on my left
So it's the way it is
Cause Shady in here
I'm 'bout to tell you niggas right now
Green is on the turntable
Why not do this shit daily, all year


Hey doll, cheer
It's a grown man record
You don't want the pressure
This a grown man lecture
Sittin' on the dresser
Be a grown man bitch to her
Underneath my seat's a grown weather here
Peepin' my packer
He got grown man cheddar
Wheels, ransom notes, and checks
Are all grown letters
Hey doll, chill
Sit back relax, as I handle by biz
Green Lantern on the scratch
Attack the track wrong
Stat Quo doing his thing
The European awards was yesterday
Em won
Took the award home
D12, ya know what I mean
Shawty, be grown
Handle my business home
Doing my thing
Home alone
But not Macaulay Culkin
Stat Quo be the champion
Icon winner
Eat niggas like dinner
Me and Westwood, handlin' our beeswax
Green Lantern on the track
Doc Dre did it long time ago
Like this and like that
And uh
I'm motherfucking beast
Man uh
Pass it to Swifty Mc-V
And ain't no flick
To hear what my be sayin'


One-two, three to the four
Swifty with the four-four
Process of elimination is always complete
When I hit the streets
I wanna see who the biggest G
Hennessy don't do nothing but give you lumps
When you speakin' on us
Disrespect you be eatin' a bottle drunk
Turning you niggas all to monks
Red dots amongst ya foreheads
You get punctured once
Slump cowards with Ninas bitch
I mean it, how ya leanin'
Like the Tower of Pisa
Faces lookin' like pizzas
An animal instinct
I eat ya with cannibalistic procedures
Adam's apple some womens' fetuses
Me is just like special nature
I messed up, slurring my words off the liquor
And yes I hate to
See ya wack emcees
Step inside my face
And ya know my fo-fo (four-four) will clear the place
Ya runnin', I'm gunnin'
I'm stunnin' and it's fun when it happens
Especially when I'm rapping
I give dap to brothers I'm cool with
But yo know
You can't mess around with Swift
Ya just cool whip
Ya soft and ya sweeter than sugar
Dog, I'm just that type of nigga
That 'ill walk up on ya
Leave ya in a bed of blood
Huh, if ya tryna fuck with us
He said don't cuss
But I couldn't help it
I take my belt off whip ya wit'  it
Because I'm selfish
So I, just do the things I do
I freestyle for you
Then I pass it to my crew
Then they pass it back
And if ya wack
Then get slapped
For that type of


Acid rap
Yeah and that's a fact
Slim Shady's back
Got eighty ladies layin' on they back
Yo, but I'm a mack
I'm a little nuts for Brittany
Little to sane for Whitney
Tell you the truth
Yo, Bobby would prolly get me
Catch me in the lobby
After he just hit me
After he sniffed three lines
He'd prolly knock out Fifty
He could prolly lift up both of us
And spin us both on both fingers like donuts
Yo, I party hard
But for real, I want Bobby Brown as my bodyguard
And that's for real
And that's the deal
Cause we got mass appeal
And I don't think that they can really take it
Cause I always let my nuts hang
Like I was doing push-ups naked
That's what I do
Is drink the Alizé and
Then I pass it to my man Proof and
Then we start goofin' around
And start spoofin'
Everybody, yo we in the party
And we could rock the party
And we could get it started
And if ya smell like (sniff)
Somebody farted
Or we can
We can do the Mardi Gardy
We could party harder
We could get started
What you wanna do
Proof, it's on you


It's on me
Might take it to the hip, homie

It's like Shady and Aftermath
We after cash
You want it
We gon' blast ya ass
(4x)

And listen, ya need to quit it dog
Cause Proof is low to the ground
Like midget balls
With them bridges falls
I lock ya ass up on the game
And I visit all
And it's like they signed
They said they did it all
Because they breeches small
But Imma tell you
In the likeness of the great 2Pac
I'm hot
And I'm fatter then Biggie Smalls
All y'all, need to recognize
Cause where I come from
It's still the East side
Over there by Dresden
Where we make their heads spin
Back then the back, ten
Make his ass backspin
This action of crack-skin
Nigga, I eat more Vicodin
Than the dots that's on the Pac-Man, board
Oh Lord
Give me my sword
On top of that
The freestyles I got you can't afford
But they free
Yo, they only cost attention
And did I mention
I'm a boss with henchmen
I send niggas to get ya
Yo, it's easy to do
How ya feel about this
Yo, the piece of the Proof
The piece of the clue
The pieces ya need
The pieces I got
On top of that my freestyle
Never stutter
My words are butter-rock
Like the niggas feel about us
I say precise
Nigga feel fucked up like D-Nice, did
For getting Scott La Rock slain
I rock 'caine and rock brains
Back in the day, when ya block came
Get ya block slain
Ya hood aborted
How I feel when they all get shortened
Haha
And I tell ya like this
Ya missing the ending
I lift ya whole hood
Like I'm fixing ya engine
Nigga, come on


I keep my brim tilted
And tracked, I killed it
Atlanta, my city
I built it
Watch this
Young beast bob and weave
Young Stata (Status) make it hard to breathe
Please believe
I ball for cheese
Survival of the fittest
One of the trillest ever
Bow down, he severe
Finna lock the market
Marshall and Dre don' linked up
With the boy from the A
I am chillaxin'
Fine linen in my fashion
Bump yo' questions
Why you askin', anythang?
Niggas wanna know what I'm on
Riding on my enemies
Getting them gon' huh
A crime businesses
And you need homes
Something I can flip to increase my grip
Yo, why they on my dick?
Ride ya own lane
I gotta handle
Trust me lil' man
Ya need a little change
Here's for starters
I show ya how to come up
Work on martyr
Launder ya cheese
Do cash and beauty parlors
Hustle smarter
Green got me, haha
Green got me
Imma kill you Green


To me it's like second nature
I treat murders like a recreation
And these niggas steadily changing
They laughs like Mason
T.D. Jakes and all of these fake gangstas
They all be awaking
Because McVay can put a date on you homes
I'll engrave in ya tombstone
With urination
Now your whole funeral soon blown
Communication are for fools who be wasting time
Contemplating on making up
I ain't that guy
A grudge holder
I used to shove boulder in the counsel of my Aurora
Get caught and tell 'em it's yours
I can leave each one of ya body parts
Stranded in the middle of different forests
Having police ignore the shit
Niggas get hung like ornaments
While they hanging they trees
They get bombed like Vietnamese
In '46 or whatever year it was
I gotta buzz
And murdering you is all I love
This is Swifty McVay
I ain't by myself
I got Em, Proof, and Stat that be hot
And D12 is over, D12 is over here
And yo' death is near
And that's what's up


That's what's up
Pass this cup
And then we blast you up
Freestyle right off the massive truck
We got truckloads
And uff, no
Cuff no and spin it backwards
And play it back later
Cause all y'all haters rockin' gators
Alligators, we see ya later
We ain't player haters
But yo check it out
We rockin' in our Navigators
And we can sit back
And we can stretch, we can check
Trek, I mean catch, anything
And we can fetch
I'm slurring a little bit
But during the part that I was doing
The urination, upon that girl and
Wait a minute, I ain't goin'
There with my rap
I ain't tryin' to be starting no crap
But yo, I be flowin'
With the stuff and I be knowin'
That when I start raking out them leaves
I be hoein'
And that's six in the mornin'
And we can do it
We can get it on until the crack of dawn and
We can get it on with Tim Westwood
We can do whatever you want
Bring ya best cause
We do what we want to do
On this microphone
Cause we ought to know
Or ought to inform you
That we get warm too warm
Sometimes we too hot to
Not to spit this ish
Spit it backwards and that said shit
Whoops, I didn't mean to curse
But yo Proof, come back
And lay one verse


I don't bite
But I spit the killin' venom
When I'm older
My pockets gon' blow up like Brazilian women
You can fight me here
Like some Big (B.I.G.) and Pac shit
Breaking laws off him dog
And hypnotic, he got it
Although he sound sober
I ain't gay nowhere near gay
I even hate a brown-noser
It's over, he killa
Got no skills
When these twenty-two spins
Ain't got nothing to do with Diablo wheels
Even the bible kills
I burn moral themes
Y'all pop like MTV
And talk more than Coral Jeanne
The poor foreseen that there is a God
I hope you guys slack
Cause when I lean back
Without the Terror Squad
I gotta two bigger
Then pistol move niggas whip
I leave fool ass lit
Like a cool cigarette
I'm 'bout the peace dude
In fact the peaceful
Since these niggas know my piece full
And since they watchin' Beef too
They watchin' niggas out here
They see how we go
Back in the day
With what, my people
The desert eagle
Leaving people living in deceased holes
How they feel about that?
My truck is all diesel
Freeze hoes
These people know it
G.L. in detail
They break like Lee nail
Crew is D12
More noise than a seashell
Cause we shall prevail
Without the Martin Luther King drill


How you know the main side, so attraction
Psycho action
The man 'ill throw up on Michael Jackson
Sick enough to do anything
In any video
I could even pull out my whole titty yo
Wouldn't mean a damn thing
Wouldn't mean nothing
Like if you went and pulled hamstring
Cause you a fake 'iatch
I took the b off
Cause Imma be off with the switch
Just like you
Cause you walk with a switch too
That's what I meant
Cause I represent, every single day
Pass it off to Stat


I'm so slum
I pull up in a double-quad deuce with no roof
On them big ass boots
White tee, no suit
Just me and my troop
Jam and be some hustlers
We are not a group
Grizzles, love me cause my smile is priceless
My advice, my life
I have them wetter than diapers
She want me to buy big jewels and wife her
Fuck the bitch tonight
But tomorrow won't like her
Go back to the club
And get a new one like her
And that's what I call completing a cypher
Wrassle with the bitches so they call me Roddy Piper
When a Stat come through
Your girlfriend get hyper


You be in the ocean with the worms and maggots
I'm what overdoses do for an addict
And after static with me
Holy ghosts will be given a homes
Automatically, it's either that or be rolled in a hole
I target ya dome
Watch that shit get blown
Like a head gasket
See I'm rabid
And known to foam acid
I accurately mastered battering bastards
I don't get charged for assault and battery
They be after me
Cause I smashed 'em
Happily answering
Any nigga that asks me would happen
I tell 'em the truth laughin'
That's just me
A five-star general
With aura that's horrible
I be smackin' ya captain
Turn a corpse into ya corporal
They won't know who did it
Tell your lieutenant
When an arsenal is set
For all of those threats of coming close
No you won't
With a Stephen King mentality
Ya don't believe me?
I can bring the casualty to ya family
And that's what's up
I got D12 in the house
Ya know what we about
Are you a man, a mouse?
And it seems like you a mouse
Running in that hole
Just cause you hoe
And everybody know
McVay yeah


See I'm going out
Blow 'em up
They wanna see me, what I'm all about
Pull 'em out
I'm in the club
Got the snub
'Bout to bust it out
Boy hear me, 'bout to hear me
'Bout to cuss a dog
I can't take it


Can't cuss it dog
Take it dog
Ayo, get with the
With the girl
Better take it off
She got the bra better shake it y'all
Ayo, check it out
I'm about to bull
And wreck it out


Smack 'em with shovels
Smack 'em with shovels
Smack 'em with shovels
Smack 'em with shovels


You gon' make us freestyle for all
Make us freestyle for all
Make us freestyle for all
Make us freestyle for all
Tim you gon' make us freestyle for all


Freestyle forever
Freestyle forever
Freestyle forever


Tim gon' make us freestyle forever6 
You're prolly gonna think that I'm talkin' about you
And you're goddamn right, I am
Look at you, this is the minimal I could diss you
Subliminally, but I think criminal instinct
Has pushed me to the brink, "My pussy, does it stink?
He still loves me 'cause he puts me in his ink
He does, doesn't he? Still is, isn't he?
Now I'm just playin' tug of war with his heart 'cause he misses me
I can still fuck him and leave him whenever I feel frisky
And there's no risk of disease 'cause he ain't with anyone, is he?"
This bitch really thinks she can get me
If she still wants me, drivin' across country
Strapped up to the front seat, missin' all her front teeth
Thinkin' to herself, "When's the next time he's gonna punch me?"
I told this cunt she's gonna overdo it once
And once she does, she'll be stuffed up in a trunk, crunchy
Scrunched up in a ball, bunched up nice and comfy
Fuck around, get dumped up in a lake 'fore you dump me
You cunnin' little cunt, deceitful witch
You thought you had me, 'til my shrink told me this

"The problem is all inside your head," she said to me
"The answer is easy if you take it logically
I'd like to help you in your struggle to be free
There must be fifty ways to leave your lover"


I feel like a serial killer, I keep dumpin' bodies in the lake
I'ma get caught and sent up the river
I shiver when I think of the company I keep
How do I know she ain't gonna kill me when I sleep?
I shriek every time she hands me something to drink
Sex kept us together, when we slept together, everything
Was all better, she made me feel like a king
Slowly she began lowerin' my self-esteem
She'd go to the club and not answer the phone when I call her
And I just bought her a truck for fifty thousand dollars
Accuse me of doin' drugs and scream and holla
Then I find a bag of coke on her, some marijuana
And all I know is every time I go
To them hidin' spots wherever she hides her blow
Them little bags of dope, there was a pile of coke
That's growin' smaller, and that was just a while ago
And I wouldn't even let on like I know
What was I supposed to do, call her out on it? We'd just argue
Say she put it there on purpose and flip the whole script
Ooh, she's a manipulative evil bitch!
A cunnin' little cunt, little deceitful witch
She thought she had me, 'til my shrink told me this
You might also like
"The problem is all inside your head," she said to me
"The answer is easy if you take it logically
I'd like to help you in your struggle to be free
There must be fifty ways to leave your lover"9 
Tim Westwood, Marley Marl and Slim Shady and MC Proof
Proof on my side, my sidekick
Y'all can suck my wide -ick
Said the "ick" without the D in front of it
None of you rappers want none of it
I’ll put you on punishment like Big Pun
Wanna suck my "ick-ick"? Here's a big one
I'll do it with the fluid that I’m spillin'
I'm illin', plus I'm chillin', I'm not a villain
Forget the controversy surroundin' me
And all these fake-ass press people surroundin’ me, houndin’ me
But I don't give a damn ’cause I smoked a pound of weed
Y'all don't want none of me
So get from in front of me like Chuck D
All the these bitches wanna walk up and fuck me
Whoops! Did I say that or did I think it?
I don't know but my brain starts shrinkin’
My spine starts shrivelin', givin' 'em adrenaline
When I'm killin' 'em and no DNR for Benylin
And this is right off the top
Take a bottle of pop and bit off the top
Tim, I said that last time when I was on your show
But it really doesn't matter 'cause I kick this slowest flow
With a flow that's slow, really doesn't matter
Said it backwards, but all you fake-ass rappers are actors
And I'ma bring it to ya
You got a life and you got a song
But don't know how to sing it, do ya?
No you don't, so I'ma kill it
I'ma cook a cracked egg in a skillet and eat it
And smoke it and whatever, take my dick and poke it
Blastin' off right now!

Aight! Ha-ha-ha
No doubt
No doubt, baby


Proof!
MC Proof, here on the mic raise the roof
Kill 'em like 180-Proof
D12, D12, D12 (D12)
Too many white and black people I been gnarly
Rockin' with Tim Westwood and Mr. Marley
It's time for us to do y'all, who y'all?
We break balls like cue balls, while y'all switch up like RuPaul
It's true y'all don't wanna mess around with us
A lotta people I been with is dangerous
Why's this beat so fast?
I know


Wow, this beats are a little bit too fast for my headache
But I don't give a damn, someone call a paramedic
'Cause I'm pathetic, I need a little bit of Excedrin to make my damn head spin
I'll do a head spin, a windmill and then chill, and then kill (Westwood!)
Whatever, I'm clever with these beat that I kick over these techniques
Like technique 12 inches, I get blunted
And any rapper that wants it, don't want it
They kick in front it, right to their face
I give, I'ma smackin' it and I don't give a damn
'Cause I got Proof backin' it
Y'all don't wanna step to me
You put your life in jeopardy
Y'all better choose your mother— weaponry
Ayo Proof, get on the mic
Show these mother— what it's like
You might also like
All you motherf— goin' get f— up now
Aw man
No cussin', no potions, slow motion, jack off with no lotion
I'm slower than the flow in the ocean
I can cause an explosion, to knock water out of an ocean
When I'm coastin', jumpin' the rowboat and start flowin' in it
I brought the microphone, my -ick I'm totin' it
Like a Glock that cock
I rock the microphone and rock the spot
And rappers jock a lot, Proof come in whether you're wack or not (These voices)
Or dope or not (These voices)
(I hear them, I hear them voices)
(These voices I hear them)
(And when they talk I'll follow)
(I'll follow, I'll follow, I'll follow all these voices)
(These voices I hear them)
(And when they talk I'll follow)
(I'll follow, I'll follow, I'll follow)


Yo, yo, yo, I'ma give you this hot beat
Marley Marl style
Go ahead, Proof
Slim Shady, Marley Marl joint exclusive freestyle

Yo, exclusive
For all our supporters
Roll your tape recorders
This is goin' overseas to many different borders (Westwood!)
Here it is, Paul Bunyan, he speaks Yiddish
Niggas and Slim Shady run for the English to the British
Time for them to get down, stood up, listen to us
We can rock the microphone and never got to cuss
Us, trust, nuts, of course we dangerous
 derange the bus is danger
Well I flip it and I kick and I rip it and I flip
I figgity back the microphone and figgity-figgity-wheepsy
Yo, check it out, yo, my hair ain't nappy
But, yo, can this beat please get a little more happy?
I diggity what for biggity what
I biggity bust a savage
I biggity down, flip them down, flip them like a 


Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, hold on, hold on, hold on (Holdin' on)
This beat a little bit too happy for my stinkin' self
Nah, this is nice, this is nice
This is some explicit shit that y'all can't get with
Get my wrists slit, I ain't a nit wit
But I'll smoke weed and pass out like a sampling snippet
Y'all don't wanna hear me rip it
Y'all don't wanna hear me flip it
I biggity-biggity-biggity-whoopsie
Like Das EFX, you get a broken neck
My textbook, take a next look
Y'all don't wanna understand the way that I just come off at the top
And I can always drop everything that I stop
Or everything that I keep goin' and keep flowin'
Like the Energizer bunny, that's why it's funny
When rappers try to step to me and try to step to me
And battle me for money, 'cause you're a dummy
'Cause anything that you could say I could use against you (Westwood!)
And I can slice your ass like a chem suit
Let me continue, put the shit on the menu
Rappers don't wanna step to me
Because 
Then I continue to bust, never ever trust
Any MC 'cause I turn 'em all to friggin' dust


Yeah, we turn 'em to dust
Ayo, Dirty Dozen gon' battle with anything
You better off hop in a plane with JFK
Display lyrical styles, we get it dirty
It's Dirty Dozen, D12 
No need to write this, 'cause when we write this
Y'all hear Shady, Proof, Bizarre and 
It's time to hype this, get it with this
It's Tim Westwood, get on your best foot
Your chest could take a slug from us
Do drug with us, you bug with us? Nah
Don't even try that, you hear this stuff?
Well, next time, the LP buy that
No time to hide that
Ayo, the hi-hat, go buy that
You die flat for talkin' that
You get bust up, who's that?
Paul Rosenberg, yo, frozen turds
Get stepped over, it's time to get it


Paul Rosenberg
I'd like to thank y'all for comin' by, man
Y'all just ripped that
Did you rip my damn microphone?
Paul Rosenberg is a small frozen turd
Why y'all just ripped my damn microphone?
(Nah, we ain't did nothin' yet, yo)
Aye, peace London
Ma-Ma-Ma-Marley
Peace
Marley, Tim, I love y'all, peace
Thank you very much for havin' us1 
I know this girl, her name is Lily
And it's past her bed-T-I-M-E
She goes to sleep and she can just dream
And not have to be in a stinky trailer with me
So when I feel blue, don't know what to do
I look at you, and I just say- *pfft*You might also like1 
There is no escaping (Yo)
There's no place to hide (Ayo)
You scream, "Someone save me!" (Yo)
But they don't pay no mind (Ayo)
Goodnight, goodbye!


You're walkin' down a horror corridor
It's almost four in the mornin' and you're in a
Nightmare, it's horrible, right there's the coroner
Waiting for ya to turn the corner so he can corner ya
You're a goner, he's onto ya
Out the corner of his cornea, he just saw ya run
All you want is to rest 'cause you can't run anymore, you're done
All he wants is to kill you in front of an audience
While everybody is watching in the party, applauding it
Here I sit, while I'm caught up in deep thought again
Contemplating my next plot again
Swallowin' a Klonopin while I'm noddin' in and out on the ottoman
At the Ramada Inn, holding onto the pill bottle, then
Lick my finger and swirl it 'round the bottom
And make sure I got all of it
Wake up naked at McDonald's with
Blood all over me, dead bodies behind the counter, shit
Guess I must've just blacked out again—not again!

It's 3 a.m. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em, killed 'em
I said, it's 3 a.m. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em, killed 'em


Sitting nude in my living room, it's almost noon
I wonder what's on the tube, maybe they'll show some boobs
Surfing every channel until I find Hannah Montana then
I reach for the aloe and lanolin, bust all over the wall panellin'
Dismantlin' every candle on top of the fireplace mantel and
Grab my flannel and my bandana, then
Kiss the naked mannequin man again
You can see him standin' in my front window if you look in
I'm just a hooligan who's used to using hallucinogens
Causin' illusions again, brain contusions again
Cutting and bruising the skin, razors, scissors, and pins
Jesus, when does it end? Phases that I go through
Dazed and I'm so confused
Days that I don't know who gave these molecules to
Me, what am I gon' do?
Hey, the prodigal son, the diabolical one
Very methodical when I slaughter them
You might also like
It's 3 a.m. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em, killed 'em
I said, it's 3 a.m. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em, killed 'em


She puts the lotion in the bucket
It puts the lotion on the skin
Or else it gets the hose again
She puts the lotion in the bucket
It puts the lotion on the skin
Or else it gets the hose again


I cut and I slash, slice and gash, last night was a blast
I can't quite remember when I had that
Much fun off a half-pint of the Jack, my last Vic and-a-half
A flashlight up Kim Kardashian's ass
I remember the first time I dismembered a family member
December, I think it was, I was having drinks with my cousin
I wrapped him in Christmas lights
Pushed him into the stinkin' tub, cut him up into pieces
And just when I went to drink his blood
I thought, "I oughta drink his bathwater, that oughta be fun"
That's when my days of serial murder manslaughter begun
The sight of blood excites me, that might be an artery, son
Your blood-curdling screams just don't seem to bother me none
It's 3 a.m. and here I come, so you should probably run
A secret passageway around here, man, there's got to be one
Oh no, there's probably none
He can scream all that he wants, top of his lungs
But ain't no stopping me from chopping him up-up, 'cause…

It's 3 a.m. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em, killed 'em
I said, it's 3 a.m. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em, killed 'em


Yo, yo, ayo (Evil… rise)
Yo, yo, ayo (Evil… rise)
Yo, yo, ayo (Evil… rise)
Yo, yo, ayo (Evil… rise)
(Evil… rise)
(Evil… rise) 
It's like this and like that and like this
It's like this and like that and like this


I'm the illest rapper to hold a cordless, patrolling corners
Looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters
I'm meaner in action than Roscoe beating James Todd, Sr
And smackin' his back with vacuum cleaner attachments
I grew up in the wild hood as a hazardous youth
With a fucked up childhood that I used as an excuse
And ain't shit changed but kept the same mind-state
Since the third time that I failed 9th grade
You probably think that I'm a negative person don't be so sure of it
I don't promote violence I just encourage it
I laugh at the sight of death as I fall down a cement flight of steps
And land inside a bed of spider webs
So throw caution to the wind, you and a friend
Can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again
Shit, why not? Blow your brain out, I'm blowing mine out
Fuck it, you only live once you might as well die now

It's only fair to warn, I was born with a set of horns
And metaphors attached to my damn umbilical cord
Warlord of rap that'll bash you with a 2 by 4 board
And smash into your Honda Accord with a 4 door Ford
But I'm more towards droppin' an acappella that'll chop a fella
To Mozzarella, worse than a helicopter propeller
Got you locked in the cellar with your skeleton showing
Developing anorexia while I'm standing next to ya
Eating a full course meal watching you starve to death
With an IV in your veins feeding you liquid darvocet
Pumping you full of drugs, pull the plugs
On the gunshot victims full of bullet slugs
Who were picked up in an ambulance and driven
To receiving with the asses ripped out of they pants and given
A less than 20 percent chance of living
Have a possible placement, it's a hospital patient
Storing the dead bodies in grandma's little basement
Doctor Kevorkian has arrived
To perform an autopsy on you while you scream "I'm still alive!"
Driving a rusty scalpel in through the top of your scalp
And pulling your Adam's apple out through your mouth
Better call the fire department, I've hired an arson
To set fire to carpets and burn up your entire apartment
I'm a liar to start shit
Got your bitch wrapped around my dick
So tight, you need a crowbar to pry her apart with
Motherfucker
Slim Shady, bitch
You might also like
Met a retarded kid named Greg with a wooden leg
Snatched it off and beat him over the fucking head with the peg
Go to bed with the keg, wake up with the 40
Mix it with Alka Seltzer and Formula 44D
Fuck an acid tab, I'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead
Wait until it absorbed in and fell to the floor dead
No more said, case closed, end of discussion
I'm blowing up like spontaneous human combustion
Leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and traumas
Cross the bombers? We blowing up your house killing your parents
And coming back to get your foster mommas
And I'm as good at keeping a promise as Nostradamus
Cause I ain't making no more threats
I'm doing drive-bys in tinted Corvettes on Vietnam war vets
I'm more or less sick in the head
Maybe more cause I smoked crack today, yesterday and the day before
Saboteur, walk the block with a Labrador
Strapped with more corral for war than El Salvador
Foul style galore, verbal cow manure
Coming together like an eyebrow on Al B. Sure!
Motherfucker5 
What you got? What you want? What you like? What you need?
Who you with? I don't give a shit, you come leave here with me
What's my name? You know that, what's yours? Never mind
Girl get ya behind in my ride and let's glide on 24's
I'm up in the club with a bottle of bub
Got a model and I double up, and you know it's like that
They wanna give a nigga the goods, wanna give the goodies up
And make for a night cap, tell me what excite that
With that nice ass, make a nigga say "gon' girl"
Make a nigga wanna put you on chrome, take a bitch home
Get it on toes curl, why don't come and hop in O's world
Got the old school parked in the back where the gats at
Where the yack's at, access, got 'em on the way to the mattress
Pass that, toting hey in the vehicle, two broads with no bras
No draw's, no flaws, nope no law, I dips out in the car like what?

Got a gang of bitches, getting them riches, sitting on 24's
Living that life those, that chrome always rolling different from yours
Slow ya role, you know them po po love to get a nigga in a Chevrolet fo' do'
But I get so low, so low low, so low on them ho's


Dipping through the hood on them thangs with a full tank
Gotta pull rank, with my hand on that 45, fuck what a fool think
Try to take a nigga life when the night come, I'mma light some up like a flare gun
Nine millimeter bare bellum, holding a melon, nigga at the right one
Now a niggas on the right hunt, got a nice type honey and we into seeing ice and
Bitches wanna get the right come, Trice is the type that lay pipe like python
Parallel to a pipe line, carousel kinda clockwise, switch 'em in and outta my ride
Get you for them inches I got, hop in the 350 block, let's roll


Got a gang of bitches, getting them riches, sitting on 24's
Living that life those, that chrome always rolling different from yours
Slow ya role, you know them po po love to get a nigga in a Chevrolet fo' do'
But I get so low, so low low, so low on them ho's


Hop in the tre-nickle-o-six-four, AC blow, you be nice and cold
Ice on my neck like zero below, she zero in on O, nigga froze a ho
Pedal to the medal, we off to the mo', bitch get sentimental, fuck the ho
Got an issue, he ain't gon' miss you, gotta shit slew of bitches, wishing to fit ya shoes
Ridiculous how I give 'em exit wounds, disrespect, singing an O sex tune
That's a bet, better yet, Dev is next, get her in the bed and her head is Pez
Best believe that I'm wearing the dress, panties wet, got her in the fanny yep
Fuck it at the rest stop, getting head in the candy Lac on camera
Parked in a motherfuckin handicap
You might also like
Got a gang of bitches, getting them riches, sitting on 24's
Living that life those, that chrome always rolling different from yours
Slow ya role, you know them po po love to get a nigga in a Chevrolet fo' do'
But I get so low, so low low, so low on them ho's
Got a gang of bitches, getting them riches, sitting on 24's
Living that life those, that chrome always rolling different from yours
Slow ya role, you know them po po love to get a nigga in a Chevrolet fo' do'
But I get so low, so low low, so low on them ho's 
Everybody, duck down, all you hear is the sound
Of Slim Shady spittin' rounds at the Lyricist Lounge
What year is this now? I don't know, I forgot
All I know is that I'd die for pot, make the cypher hot
Smoke weed and fuck up my life a lot
Give me the money now, bitch
Did you want to see your wife or not?
'Fore I stab her wit' this knife I got
I got a sci-fi plot like a science fiction flick that I'm a hit you wit'
I got the Outsidaz up in this bitch
Peace to Thirstin' Howl, A.L. and Wordsworth
My mother smoked crack, I had a premature birth
I'm just a nerd cursed wit' badly disturbed nerves
Who wanna step to this and get served first?
Ninety-nine percent of aliens prefer Earth
So I'm here to rule the planet, startin' wit' your turf
I hid a secret message inside of a word search
Wit' smeared letters, runnin' together in blurred spurts
Rappers can't fuck wit' me, it hurts worth
When they get abolished, polyps'll murk worse
Wrote a secret message inside of a word search
Wit' smeared letters, runnin' together in blurred spurts
Rappers can't fuck wit' me, hollerin', 'Nurse, nurse'
You said this shot would numb it, bitch, it just hurts worse
Rappers can't fuck wit' the way that I spit it, lyrical lit it
Now you did it when I committed, get his rhymes out here
Off the top of the dome wit' a popular poem
Fuck a team, I can stop you alone
Rappers don't understand itYou might also like1 
Yeah nigga! It's D12 up in this motherfucker!
You know how we get nigga we wild in the club
Motherfuckers, everybody get crunk in Detroit too nigga!
So wile the fuck out!


Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Bitch!)

We fucked up
Let us in the club
One of y'all niggas gon' catch a slug (Yeah)
I'm so drunk I could hurl for a month
Any nigga pop shit, go to the trunk
D12 start shit, nigga come get us
7 Mile Runyon, wild niggas with us
'Cause all my niggas is talkin' that shit
Ain't got no problem, with smackin' no bitch
I'll have my wife cut your throat
Blunts, gans, that's all we smoke
Wild the fuck out, stab you with a knife
It's D12, nigga, we ready to fuckin' fight


Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Bitch!)


Who tryin' to be the first one to catch this blade in the throat?
You know the po-po don't let me hold them toasters no mo'
I just clapped three people, you gon' be number four
If you don't back the fuck up, and get the fuck up off the flo'
My crew is takin' over as soon as we hit the do'
You hit the door, but we comin' in and you goin' home
Security, they can't even stop us because they know
Runyon Avenue soldiers hold us down wherever we go
Chuggin' on our 40s and holdin' our .44s
We come with toasters like we just opened savings and loans
And we don't need your brew tonight, homie, we brought our own
So grab whatever you sippin' on and let's get it on!
You might also like
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Bitch!)


We deep as a motherfucker, we 'bout to get it crunk
You just another punk in the club about to get jumped
I settle my vendettas with AK's, Berettas
We don't 'posed to be in here with our weapons, but still they let us
Switchblade, brass knuckles, nickel plated belt buckle
Broken beer bottles, when we walk in you can smell trouble
Elbows flyin', bitches cryin', niggas bleedin', you retreatin'
Run into your car and skatin' off, we G'ing
We make example out of you haters runnin' your mouth
You the reason why your peoples is pourin' they 40s out
Dirty Dozen wildin', beat niggas bloodied
And you gon' have to pour out a keg for all your homies


Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Bitch!)

I was raised by drunks, so I became a drunk
80 Proof on this vodka, that's the name I want
I'm in the club to beef, you gotta murder me dead
Only talk to a bitch with burgundy hair
Or the aisle in the 'Vette, bumpin' Seven-Deuce
See that top on that 40, you know it's comin' loose
See me on the ave daily, be runnin' this shit
If your chick get loud, I g-money that bitch
Packin' mags and clips, I'll smash your clique
Because of Proof they put the "G" in the alphabet
Smokin' weed, drinkin' Henny, Remy, and that Jimmy
Don't worry if we run out, the corner store got plenty


Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Guzzle it)
Pour your 40 out (Bitch!)6 
How the fuck he got an Oscar?
Passed out in his red Mazda
With his fucking head in his pasta
In the parking lot of Kmart plaza
'Cross from the Red Lobster
Looking like the Loch Ness Monster
Dressed like a cross-dressed mobster
Talk is cheap, it costs less to gossip
I'll prolly be a lot less hostile
If you snots kept your schnozzes out the air holes
You'll get fucked in all seven holes
Ass, mouth, pussy, yeah, both ears and, ha, yes, nostrils
At the OzzFest with Nas
Bumping Das EFX in a wrecked up Datsun
And dropped two extra strength Watson Vicodin out my pocket
They cost less
I'm a hot mess
'Cause I tripped and got my head stuck
In a wasps nest in the process, awesome
Drunk as fuck, one sock
Pulling my boxers up with boxing gloves
But I keep dropping my fucking binoculars
Got two fucking Hydroxycuts
And four oxi’s stuck in my esophagus
These three lesbian little stocky sluts
Thought I swallowed two hockey pucks
Started screaming "serves you right you cocky fuck
That's what you get for mocking us
Ain't as cool as you thought you was"
Bitch, all I did when I walked up was have my dick in a sock
Said it's a sock puppet
So no strings attached
You can all suck it
Chicka, get it, ah fuck it
Shit’s bout to get as hairy as motherfucking Chewbaca's nuts
CocksuckersYou might also like7 
I use my voice to spit the fiery frame
Try and refrain, dying in vain
Soon as I'm replyin' your name
I be the nigga in the Shelter who be eyein' your chain


Yo, yo
313 area, bound to bury ya with vengeance
My rhymes sentences'll put an end to your existence with
The rigorousness, niggas, I'm serious, delirious, cause
A curious—pause the fury calls from my jaws
From devourin' y'all raw

Woo, okay, okay. 313rd, we in the house.  you know what I mean,  finest. Yo DJ Iz, lemme get that beat, baby. Gimme that beat. Come on, come on. Uh, uh, uh, uh


You forced to listen to the individual, the metaphysical
The Mac Mitten, rhyme ritual, heterosexual
Syllables they sound complex to you, lines perplexin' you
With words that could put a hex on you, snap that neck on you
Murder you, boil you, we keep a white boy or two
Let my man grab the mic, you see how Bunny Rabbit do


Come on, man. Come on, man
Kick that shit, baby, come on
Come on, man
Uh, uh, watch that nigga kick this shit, uh
Uh
Alright, speed it up a little bit, Iz
Come on, baby
Alright, look
Yo, yo


Your style is generic, mine's authentic-made
I roll like a renegade, you need clinic aid
My technique's bizarre and ill; I scar and kill
You were a star until I served you like a bar and grill
As I proceed to cook and grill ya, that's all it took to kill ya
You better recognize me like I look familiar
You wanna battle? You beat around the bush
Like you're scared to lick pussy, so you eat around the tush
I need a clown to push, someone that I can bully
Wait a minute, I don’t think you understand fully
See me without a style's like mustard without the Heinz
I lead the new school, you're a Busta without the rhymes
I crush the shit out your line
You might also like
Now I'm the Rashiki, smokin' the lick-licky
Ten freaky girls inside The Chin Tiki
Girl, when you see me, you better believe me
This ain't a game and pimpin' ain't easy
Anything goes when it comes to hoes
I'm the kingpin when it comes to flows
You better ask someone if you don't know
When you see me, girl, say "What up, though?
Ten freaky girls
Ten, ten, ten freaky girls 
The Shelter
Let me get up in this nigga like smashin'
With a red beam, Johnny blastin'
Evil is the rhyme assassin
Get a guy done, runnin' like haulin' ass and
Bury you pink rabbits for askin'
Closed caption, nigga, don't say a word
When these flames get to burnin' up, burnin' you down
Leavin' your frown tore up, full of pressure, wanna frown?
You don't want to will a nigga known for pullin' triggers
Hoist this fool on my neck, back-break this nigga

Yo
Check it out
Look, look
Yo, I gotta flow
I'm from the Mo, you ain't Detroit, hoe
Talkin' about "7 Mile," change your style
I read your bio, you're really from Ohio
I'm vile
This guy's so fuckin' fat, I can't even see his eyes when he smiles
Yo, listen to this
Motherfuckin' rhyme, yo, chicken, we can do this
As a matter of fact have another beer
I'll be right back, dawg, I'ma set the mic right hereYou might also like4 
Now, everybody from the 313
Put your motherfuckin' hands up and follow me!
Everybody from the 313
Put your motherfuckin' hands up! Look, look
Now, while he stands tough
Notice that this man did not have his hands up
This Free World's got you gassed up
Now, who's afraid of the Big Bad Wolf?
One, two, three, and to the four
One Pac, two Pac, three Pac, four
Four Pac, three Pac, two Pac, one
You're Pac, he's Pac, no Pac, none
This guy ain't no motherfuckin' MC
I know everything he's 'bout to say against me
I am white, I am a fucking bum
I do live in a trailer with my mom
My boy Future is an Uncle Tom
I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bob
Who shoots himself in his leg with his own gun
I did get jumped by all six of you chumps
And Wink did fuck my girl
I'm still standin' here screaming, "Fuck the Free World!"
Don't ever try to judge me, dude
You don't know what the fuck I've been through
But I know something about you
You went to Cranbrook, that's a private school
What's the matter, dawg? You embarrassed?
This guy's a gangster? His real name's Clarence
And Clarence lives at home with both parents
And Clarence' parents have a real good marriage
This guy don't wanna battle, he's shook
'Cause ain't no such things as halfway crooks
He's scared to death, he's scared to look
At his fucking yearbook; fuck Cranbrook!
Fuck a beat, I'll go a cappella
Fuck a Papa Doc, fuck a clock, fuck a trailer
Fuck everybody! Fuck y'all if you doubt me!
I'm a piece of fucking white trash, I say it proudly
And fuck this battle, I don't wanna win, I'm outtie
Here, tell these people something they don't know about me

Yo...You might also like Shook Ones, Pt IITime's UpInsane In the Brain8 MileSweet Home AlabamaJuicyGotta Get MineGang StoriesThis is How we Do ItFeel Me FlowPlayers BallGet MoneyI'll Be There for YouShimmy Shimmy YaBring the PainLose Yourself (Instrumental)C.R.E.A.M.Next Level (Nyte Tyme Mix)TemptationsPlayer's AnthemLose Yourself4 
Geah
Renegades is back
Em, the beat is sick
It's Young
Freeway
8 Miles
Let's go!


Eight miles and runnin', got my seventh album droppin'
And my eighth album comin', feeding a thousand growling stomachs
But I can rewind the calendar back, back when it was now or nothin'
People said I would amount to nothin', that I had talent for nothin'
Said I would succumb to violence or be silenced by a gunman
I could just hear the folks now: "He got what he had comin'."
Now that my eighth album's comin', everybody's smilin'
Wanting somethin', claiming that they done somethin' for him
Got their Jay Z pompoms and their Hov uniform
Claiming they been runnin' and tellin' everybody, like Martin Lawrence
'Bout how hot my rap performance was before I was who I was
Claiming that they threw it up before I threw it up—you what?
Where was you before I blew this up?
I didn't see you in the courtroom when everybody was suin' us
I didn't see you in all black when everybody was suitin' up
Back on the block, getting it in—it wasn't no you with us

Eight miles and runnin', got my seventh album droppin'
And my eighth album comin', feeding a thousand growling stomachs—Free!
Six miles and runnin', got my fifth strip poppin'
And my first album comin', feeding twenty growling stomachs
Eight miles and runnin', got my seventh album droppin'
And my eighth album comin', feeding a thousand growling stomachs—Free!
Six miles and runnin', got my fifth strip poppin'
And my first album comin', feeding twenty growling stomachs


Six miles and runnin' in the Pontiac six thousand eighty six
Trans' might shift while the engine run
Anyone, tell your honor: "Give me one more chance"
And them smokers screaming, "One more gram!" so I'ma bring 'em one (Geah)
Only son to my pop, stick close to my mama
Keep toasters for drama, make Salat with my son
My son growin', and he learnin' a lot
That's when them toasters, when the burners will pop, brain on your, um–
'Brella, nigga, tell 'em niggas, that's like the Biblical scripture
Look back, turn to salt, like the sinners
Most of you heartless and self-centered like Meshach and Mesha
Set up your brother ‘cause you jealous, nigga
The heat back (Ugh), like you never left, I ever rep
Cops watch every step, six miles and runnin'
Dodgin' every trap, the rap gingerbread man
Cherish every precious breath, State P, the second gat
You might also like
Eight miles and runnin', got my seventh album droppin'
And my eighth album comin', feeding a thousand growling stomachs—Free!
Six miles and runnin', got my fifth strip poppin'
And my first album comin', feeding twenty growling stomachs
Eight miles and runnin', got my seventh album droppin'
And my eighth album comin', feeding a thousand growling stomachs—Free!
Six miles and runnin', got my fifth strip poppin'
And my first album comin', feeding twenty growling stomachs


Back when nobody would find he had talent, nobody would sign me
Nobody believed in me, nobody but Mommy, blindly
But how can she deny me? Me being the youngest runt
To come up outta her tummy, she got nothing but love for me
When niggas would one me, the industry shunned me
That's why I'm taking all the industry's money
Revenge is sweet honey, we run this
Young is the illest, Free is the future
Beans and Bleek is right now, we can see y'all, eight miles, nigga


Eight miles and runnin', got my seventh album droppin'
And my eighth album comin', feeding a thousand growling stomachs—Free!
Six miles and runnin', got my fifth strip poppin'
And my first album comin', feeding twenty growling stomachs
Eight miles and runnin', got my seventh album droppin'
And my eighth album comin', feeding a thousand growling stomachs—Free!
Six miles and runnin', got my fifth strip poppin'
And my first album comin', feeding twenty growling stomachs 
Now what you know about a sweet MC from the 313?
None of these skills you 'bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you gotta become me
If you ever wanna be one, see
Man, what you know about a sweet MC in the 313?
None of these skills you're 'bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me
If you ever wanna be one, see


Yo, some people say I'm wack, now if that's right I'm
The freshest whack MC that you ever heard in your lifetime
My slick acapella sounds clever with the beats
Boy, I'm the deepest thing since potholes to ever hit the street
Forget a gold digger's succubus
My soul's thick with ruggedness
With the mic I'm like a dyke: can't no nigga fuck with this
I got more different strokes than Philip Drummound
On open mic I bone your woman just to keep my lyrics comin' (Bitch!)
We elevated to new heights, premeditated
Let it be that I stated, they hate it
Now that they see that I made it
He escalated can be put to the test of greatness
Snatch the heart from MCs and I ate it
So I take it, that's the reason I'm hated
To represent's my temperament
If rap was a dick, all you so-called hard MCs would not be impotent, but pimpin' it
And actin' like you could rock a show (So?)
Harder than LL's "Rock the Bells" and you's a ho
Now, everything that you collaborate I lacerate
My lines they keep comin' like nymphomaniacs that masturbate
At a faster rate, yeah I got somethin' for your ass to hate
I blast your hate and have you all runnin' past the gates
And as for face clutchin' and touchin' the flows
I got 'em open like marijuana smoke up in your nose
Buckin' these hoes, I got that shit down to a science
Leavin' 'em hot and bothered, turned on like an appliance
Defiance? No, we won't have that
You want your shit to blow up?
Well, I'ma stuff some dynamite in your ass crack
And blast that shit to kingdom come
Then bring 'em some of this real hip-hop
I'll drop beats (*slap*) and you ain't singin' or gonna do a thing but run 
And you all knew from Meeko
That you couldn't hold your own with the strength of Lou Ferrigno
So stop that bullshit flow
Yo, you need to come with them real skills and act like you know

So what you know about a sweet MC in the 313?
None of these skills you 'bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me
If you ever wanna be one, see
Now what you know about a sweet MC from the 313?
None of these skills you 'bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you gotta become me
If you ever wanna be one, see

Look, so what you know about a sweet MC in the 313?
You don't know shit so when you see one, flee
You can be Run-D, you'll never be the MC
I stopped the alphabet at S and got it down to a T
I'm sure you're bound to agree, a sweet MC crash the spot
I make the roof hot like I was Rock Master Scott
Your ass forgot, so just in case you don't remember me
I'll run your brain around the block to jog your fuckin' memory
It's either them or me, man, kill or be killed
Your will'll be sealed, your casket closed, you still'd be billed
My facility's filled with fans packed to capacity
I'll send a rapper back with the crack of his ass shitty (Ha)
If he's actin' soft and he cowers
He better come cleaner than Jeru jackin' off when he showers
You flowers got no clout with a thing
You could date a stick of dynamite and wouldn't go out with a bang
I shout with a slang simple as ABCs
Skip over the Ds and rock the microphone with ease
Dethrone MCs and I'ma max alone
Relax your dome, like a solo from a saxophone
So facts are known, biters get treated with shots
I rock a beat harder than you could beat it with rocks
I'm greeted with flocks of fellow followers' singers
You couldn't make the fans throw up their hands if they swallowed their fingers
But you can bring yours, let's see what you got
But don't front, and never try to be what you're not
'Cause you can be quick, jump the candlestick, burn your back
And fuck Jill on a hill, but you still ain't jack
You might also like
So what you know about a sweet MC from the 313?
None of these skills that you just seen come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you'll never become me
So you ain't ever gonna be one, see
So what you know about a sweet MC in the 313?
None of these skills that you just seen come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you'll never become me
So you ain't ever gonna be one, see 
Sometimes I just feel like quittin', I still might
Why do I put up this fight? Why do I still write?
Sometimes it's hard enough just dealin' with real life
Sometimes I wanna jump on stage and just kill mics
And show these people what my level of skill's like
But I'm still white, sometimes I just hate life
Somethin' ain't right, hit the brake lights
Case of the stage fright, drawin' a blank like
Da-duh-duh-da-da, it ain't my fault
Great big eyeballs, my insides crawl
And I clam up, I just slam shut
I just can't do it, my whole manhood's
Just been stripped, I have just been 'vict'd
So I must then get off the bus, then split
Man, fuck this shit, yo, I'm goin' the fuck home
World on my shoulders as I run back to this 8 Mile Road

I'm a man, I'ma make a new plan
Time for me to just stand up and travel new land
Time for me to just take matters into my own hands
Once I'm over these tracks, man, I'ma never look back
(8 Mile Road) And I'm gone, I know right where I'm goin'
Sorry, Momma, I'm grown, I must travel alone
Ain't gon' follow no footsteps, I'm makin' my own
Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile RoadYou might also like 
Ryan's a homicidal misfit, I write the solution of biophysics
On the side of a cliff in some hieroglyphics
This my admission to having violent psychotic wit
Devour, polish it, politics
By the way I'm higher than the Eiffel Tower tip
I like writing, but I will stick this pencil in your ass
Before I write your shit, pause, inhaling hella kush
Us and Yelawolf like a heavy foot gas pedal push
Felons, crooks, going door-to-door
Like we selling books, Dolly Parton style, melons mushed
Now my bitch a dancer, I'm about as sick as cancer
If you could swallow my style, you'd probably rip your pants up
If you could bottle my style and sell it to somebody
It probably will smell like cologne made out of bits of panther
They call me anchorman, I hold down the ship
Leave you niggas floating in water, then go and drown a fish
Fuck, I'm fucking heinous, I make you fucking famous
Them lead showers is coming, fuck is you saying?

Fuck! It's fucking raining, shit! There's lightning, bitch!
It's thundering 'cause I'm cussing up a storm if you wondering, shit!
Shit! You couldn't muster up enough thought
Just take a dump during a brain fart, chump
If you want urine in your face, all you had to do was say
That you wish you would've just stayed pissed off in the first place
We came to monopolize the game, Illuminati is here
Yeah, human oddities, at odds with us your squad's gotta be
'Cause we started out cold in a snowball, we froze
Soon as we rolled up on these hoes, all's we know
Is y'all lowered the bar like limbo, you know who you are
So quit fucking the dog before we start calling you Bizarre
Shit, screw the pooch, y'all done raped a pitbull
Fell in love with the Shih Tzu, this missile's directed directly at you
And this for these hoes who don't know me from a can of paint
You must be huffing, fuck a ball sack
If the taints can't take you on a date, you mistake me for a gentleman
You 2000 and late, man, and Will I ain't, I'm the bad guy
Type of guy that will drag five girls up on stage
Pour ice in their pants, and the first one who pees gets a black eye


Must be outta your mind
You think you fucking with us
Suck on these nuts, bitch, hang it up
This game is over
You might also like
Puffin' loosies, watching "I Love Lucy" with Gary Busey
Crazy, how the fuck could you son me? I'm Shady
Will there ever come a day when they could slay me?
I don't know, fifth month, black and yellow insect, maybe
'Til then I kill the bad man tryna slay me
Everything you kick weak, your spit kung fugazi
All my homeboys, 2.0 Boys
Nickel, I just picked up a Phantom, look how it rolls, Royce
Even if I wanted to quit, I ain't got no choice
Verses keep coming, I should invoice my own voice
You should see the kind of asses that my pole hoist
Hoes be like diamonds in your chain, man, so moiss
Bang bang, bang bang, House Gang, chainsaw
Here to kill you pussies, don't ask what we came for
I write until my right arm veins sore
Forearm feel like Thor's arm in a gang war
You hear that? Yaowa, you know who finna fall out
Definitively finish you, my fist take out that eyeball
Piranha mentality with a Jaws bite all night
Coming up, never saw light, but never lost sight


Jets and movers, cesspoolers, meth abusers
You step to us, TECs, Rugers to respect the shooters
My men think in sync, roll with the best crew
Move to the beat of the same drum without Lex Luger
Welcome to neighborhood, big in the 'jects, G
Cheated death multiple times without rigging the deck
So I'm well-prepped if you just want war
There will be blood everywhere, you be laying on the Louboutin floor
It's raw, you keeping acting like you don't know Mouse, nigga
And you going to need the best doctors, House nigga
Guard your jewels and avoid large tools
'Cause after I spill you at the light, you be in a car pool
Keep your distance from idiots, 'cause the truth told
They food for thought's rotten, they gems are fool's gold
Need results from my actions, mistakes I'll exonerate
I'm Martin King staring at a picture of Obama's face
Talking funds, niggas ain't never seen stock
I don't need the key to the game, I pick a mean lock

Must be outta your mind
You think you fucking with us
Suck on these nuts, bitch, hang it up
This game is over


Take off, you invited inside of the mind of
A psychotic rhymer, I'm kind of a (Dahmer)
I'm grinding up rappers
I'm lining up jackers
I'm climbing up ladders
I buy enough clappers to retire you factors, fire at drama
You liars and actors, I'm the genuine article
But read me wrong, get my gun and split you to particles
(The gold hand) Tell me when and I'm there
Not only heir to the throne, but my chair is suspended in air
Stay fly like unlimited fare
You got us pegged wrong, my circle don't fit in with squares
I smell shit and piss, know where it's coming from
You stepped on number two just to be number one
Now I'mma step on you, bring it to your yard
Bogart for arts, we go hard
You frauds just blow hard like broads, I coast guard the West
I'm Mozart, I compose dark shit with no heart


I got Jim Beam in the liver, getting head like clean clippers
With haters on my dick like a jeans zipper
When I throw up 16's like I drink liquor
You think you seen sick? Well, bitch, you ain't seen sicker
Than a cracker that'll hop around in a hospital gown
Popping the trunk, my pump will stay cocking the rounds
I shit logs and I piss river brown
'Cause I drink creek water and spit the river Nile
And that's as close as I get to a pyramid
Shit, they think I'm Illuminati, so fucking ignorant
Sick with a grin, here with this pen, so innocent
But when you win, they say you a sin, but in the end
They jump on the bandwagon and dance to the band playing
Skinny-ass pants sagging, it's only yourself you playing
Call me a clown, but you love what the clown's sanging
I'm a freak shows at the county carnival, then you paying
Bitch, I'm on a trapeze with no legs in the dark
Yelling "Go Shady!", driving slower than an old lady
In an old '89, no piece if you pay me
Give me peace sign on my grill, no Mercedes
I'm getting paid for these shows that I throw lately
Same shows a year ago would have broken most of you crazies
They call me crazy 'cause I made it
Bitch, you crazy 'cause you quit, look at my clique lately
You ain't fucking with Budden, you ain't got no choice with Royce
You don't want to see the Crooked I, well, listen to Ortiz voice
That dirt road hit the 8 Mile, the point oh boys
And if Marshall want me to clap then homie I deploy, game over


Yo, I don't think they heard you, tell 'em again
Game over! 
Tell you something
Check this out, check this out
Yo


This guy's a choke artist, you'll catch a bad one
You're better off shootin' yourself with Papa Doc's handgun
Climbin' up this mountain, you're weak
I'll leave you lost without a paddle, floatin' shit's creek
You ain't Detroit, I'm the D, you the new kid on the block
'Bout to get smacked back to the boondocks
Fuckin' Nazi, your squad ain't your type
Take some real advice and form a group with Vanilla Ice
And what I tell you, you better use it
This guy's a hillbilly, this ain't Willie Nelson music
Trailer trash, I'll choke you to your last breath
And have you lookin' foolish like Cheddar Bob when he shot himself
Silly Rabbit, I know why they call you that, 'cause
You follow Future like he got carrots up his ass crack
And when you actin' up, that's when you got jacked up
And left stupid, like Tina Turner when she got smacked up
I'll crack your shoulder blade
You'll get dropped so hard that Elvis will start turnin' in his grave
I don't know why they let you out in the dark
You need to take your white ass back across 8 Mile to the trailer park

Alright, look
Ayo


This guy raps like his parents jerked him
He sounds like Erick Sermon, the generic version
This whole crowd looks suspicious
It's all dudes in here, except for these bitches
So I'm a German, eh?
That's okay, you look like a fuckin' worm with braids
These Leaders of the Free World rookies
Lookie, how can six dicks be pussies?
Talkin' 'bout shit's creek
Bitch, you could be up piss creek with paddles this deep
You're still gonna sink, you're a disgrace
Yeah, they call me Rabbit, this is a turtle race
He can't get with me, spittin' this shit wickedly
Lickety shot suspicious spickety split lickety
So I'ma turn around with a great smile
And walk my white ass back across 8 MileYou might also like